Subject	Predicate	Object
aac(2')-IIa	confers resistance to 	Kasugamycin
aac(3)	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-I	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-II	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IId	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IIe	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IIg	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IV	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IVa	confers resistance to 	Apramycin
aac(3)-VIa	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(3)-VIa	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aac(6')-33	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aac(6')-Ib-cr	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aac(6')-Ib-cr	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-Ib-cr4	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')-Ib-cr4	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
aac(6')-Ib-cr4	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aac(6')-Ib-cr5	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-Ib-cr5	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')-Ib-cr5	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
aac(6')-Ib-cr5	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aac(6')-Ib3	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aac(6')-Ib3	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-Ib3	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')-Ib4	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aac(6')-Ie	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aac(6')-Ie	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-Ie	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')-IIa	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aac(6')-IIa	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-IIa	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')-IIc	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-IIc	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')-Il	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aac(6')-Il	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-Il	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aac(6')-Im	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aac(6')-Im	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aac(6')-Im	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aacA34	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aacA38	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aacA56	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aacA57-2	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aad9	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
aadA1	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA11	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA12	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA13	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA15	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA16	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA2	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA22	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA25	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA3	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA31	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA4	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA5	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA6	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA7	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadA8	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aadD1	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aadD1	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aadD2	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aadE	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
abc-f	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
acrB	confers resistance to 	Azithromycin
acrF	confers resistance to 	Efflux
ampC	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
ant(2'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
ant(2'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
ant(2'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
ant(3'')	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
ant(3'')	confers resistance to 	Spectinomycin
ant(3'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
ant(3'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Spectinomycin
ant(6)-Ia	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aph(2'')-I	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aph(2'')-I	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aph(2'')-I	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(2'')-I	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aph(2'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aph(2'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
aph(2'')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(2'')-IIa	confers resistance to 	Tobramycin
aph(3'')	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aph(3'')-Ib	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(3')-Id	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aph(3')-Id	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(3')-II	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(3')-IIa	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(3')-IIIa	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aph(3')-IIIa	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(3')-VI	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aph(3')-VI	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(3')-VIa	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
aph(3')-VIa	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aph(4)-Ia	confers resistance to 	Hygromycin
aph(6)-Ic	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to 	Streptomycin
aphA16	confers resistance to 	Kanamycin
aphA17	confers resistance to 	Amikacin
armA	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
arr	confers resistance to 	Rifamycin
arr-2	confers resistance to 	Rifamycin
arr-3	confers resistance to 	Rifamycin
bla	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaA	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaACC	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaACC-1	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaACT	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaACT-84	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaBPU	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaCARB-2	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-111	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-16	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-2	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-30	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-4	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-42	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-43	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-55	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCMY-6	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-1	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-101	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-104	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-115	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-12	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-123	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-130	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-137	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-14	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-15	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-165	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-190	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-2	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-24	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-27	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-3	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-32	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-40	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-55	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-56	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-64	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-65	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-8	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-9	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaCTX-M-98	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaDHA	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaDHA-1	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaDHA-15	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaDHA-27	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaDHA-6	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaDHA-9	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaEC	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaEC-5	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaFOX-5	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaHER	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaHER-3	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaI	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaKLUC-2	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaKPC-2	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaKPC-4	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaLAP	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaLAP-2	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaNDM	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaNDM-1	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaNDM-5	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaNDM-7	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaNDM-9	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaOXA	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-1	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-1	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaOXA-10	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaOXA-10	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-17	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-17	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaOXA-181	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-2	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-392	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-4	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA-48	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaOXA-9	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaOXY	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaPSE	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaR1	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSCO	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSCO-1	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-1	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-11	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-12	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaSHV-189	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-2	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaSHV-2	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-2A	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-30	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaSHV-30	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-5	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-5	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaSHV-7	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV-7	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaTEM	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-1	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-10	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-103	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-104	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-116	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-12	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaTEM-12	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-131	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-135	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-15	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaTEM-166	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-169	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaTEM-171	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-176	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-181	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-19	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-190	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-191	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-20	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaTEM-20	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-210	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-215	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-29	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-30	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-31	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-32	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-33	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-34	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-35	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-40	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-52	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaTEM-52	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-57	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-70	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-71	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM-84	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
blaVEB	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaVEB-1	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaVEB-17	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaVEB-5	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaVEB-8	confers resistance to 	Cephalosporin
blaVIM-1	confers resistance to 	Carbapenem
blaZ	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
ble	confers resistance to 	Bleomycin
bleO	confers resistance to 	Bleomycin
catA	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catA1	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catA13	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catA2	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catA3	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catB	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catB11	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catB2	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
catB3	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
cfr	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
cfr	confers resistance to 	Lincosamide
cfr	confers resistance to 	Streptogra
cfxA	confers resistance to 	Beta-Lactam
cmlA	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
cmlA1	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
cmlA4	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
cmlA5	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
cmlA6	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
cmx	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
crpP	confers resistance to 	Fluoroquinolone
dfr7	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA1	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA10	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA12	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA14	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA15	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA16	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA17	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA19	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA21	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA23	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA25	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA27	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA29	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA31	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA32	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA34	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA36	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA5	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA7	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrA8	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrB1	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrB3	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrB4	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrB5	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrF	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
dfrI	confers resistance to 	Trimethoprim
emrD	confers resistance to 	Efflux
ere(A)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
ere(D)	confers resistance to 	Erythromycin
erm	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
erm(42)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
erm(49)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
erm(B)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
erm(C)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
erm(F)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
erm(G)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
erm(T)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
fexA	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
floR	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
floR2	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
fos	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA3	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA4	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7.2	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7.3	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7.4	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7.5	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7.6	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7.7	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA7.8	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosA8	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosL	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosL1	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosL2	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
fosX	confers resistance to 	Fosfomycin
gar	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
gar_fam	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
grdA	confers resistance to 	Gentamicin
gyrA	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
gyrB	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
lin	confers resistance to 	Lincosamide
lnu(A)	confers resistance to 	Lincosamide
lnu(C)	confers resistance to 	Lincosamide
lnu(F)	confers resistance to 	Lincosamide
lnu(G)	confers resistance to 	Lincosamide
mcr-1	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-1.1	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-1.19	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-1.2	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-1.26	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-1.5	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-3	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-3.1	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-3.2	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-3.20	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-3.21	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-3.24	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-3.40	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-4	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-4.2	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-4.3	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-4.6	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-5	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-5.1	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-9	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-9.1	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mcr-9.2	confers resistance to 	Colistin
mdsA	confers resistance to 	Efflux
mdsB	confers resistance to 	Efflux
mdtM	confers resistance to 	Efflux
mef(B)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
mef(C)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
mph	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
mph_3	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
mph(A)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
mph(B)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
mph(E)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
msr(E)	confers resistance to 	Macrolide
oqxA	confers resistance to 	Phenicol
oqxA	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
oqxA2	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
oqxA2	confers resistance to 	Phenicol
oqxB	confers resistance to 	Phenicol
oqxB	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
oqxB2	confers resistance to 	Phenicol
oqxB2	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
parC	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
parE	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
pmrA	confers resistance to 	Colistin
pmrB	confers resistance to 	Colistin
qepA	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qepA1	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qepA2	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qepA4	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qepA8	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrA	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrA1	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrA3	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB1	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB17	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB19	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB2	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB38	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB4	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB6	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB7	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB77	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB9	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrB91	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrD	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrD1	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrD2	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrE1	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrE2	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrS	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrS1	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrS11	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrS13	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrS2	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrS4	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrVC	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrVC1	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrVC4	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
qnrVC5	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
ramR	confers resistance to 	Ampicillin
ramR	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
ramR	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
ramR	confers resistance to 	Rifamycin
ramR	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
rmtB	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
rmtB1	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
rmtE1	confers resistance to 	Aminoglycoside
sat2	confers resistance to 	Streptothricin
sat4	confers resistance to 	Streptothricin
soxR	confers resistance to 	Ampicillin
soxR	confers resistance to 	Chloramphenicol
soxR	confers resistance to 	Quinolone
soxR	confers resistance to 	Rifamycin
soxR	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
sul1	confers resistance to 	Sulfonamide
sul2	confers resistance to 	Sulfonamide
sul3	confers resistance to 	Sulfonamide
sul4	confers resistance to 	Sulfonamide
tet	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(31)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(32)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(A)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(B)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(C)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(D)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(E)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(G)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(H)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(J)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(M)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(O)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(W)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(X2)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(X4)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(X5)	confers resistance to 	Tigecycline
tet(X5)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
tet(Y)	confers resistance to 	Tetracycline
vanC	confers resistance to 	Vancomycin
vat	confers resistance to 	Streptogramin
