Subject	Predicate	Object
aac-IVa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac-Iva	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac-Iva	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(2')-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
AAC(3)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
AAC(3)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
AAC(3)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(3)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-II	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-Iid	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(3)-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(3)-III	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-IV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aac(3)-IVa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-Iva	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(3)-Iva	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(3)-VI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-VIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
AAC(3)-VIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(3)-VIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-I30	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6')-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(6')-Iae	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6')-Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
aac(6')-Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(6')-Ib-cr8	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
aac(6')-Ib11	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ib3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ib4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Ic	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-IIc	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Iy	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Iy	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac(6')-Iy	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6')-Iy	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(6')Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6')Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
aac(6')Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
aac(6')Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(6')-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6')-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aac(6')-Ib-cr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aac(6)-31	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6)-31	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(6)-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6)-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(6)-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(6)-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac(60)-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac(60)-Iy	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac3-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac3-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac3-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac3-Iid	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac3-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac3-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac3-IVa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac3-VIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac6-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac6-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac6-Iaa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac6-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aac6-IId	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aac6-Iy	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aac6-Iy	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aacA4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aacA4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aacA4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aacC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aacC(3')	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aacC(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aacC(6')	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aacC1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aacC3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aad1A	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aadA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA10	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA11	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA11	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA12	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA12	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA12	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA13	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA13	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA16	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA17	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA17	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA17	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA17	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA1b	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aadA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA21	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA22	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA22	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA22	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA23	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA23	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA23	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA23	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA24	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA24	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA24	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA24	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA25	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA2b	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA6	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA8	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA8	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA8	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA8b	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadA8b	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aadA8b	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aadA9	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadAB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadb	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aadE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aaeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aaeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aaeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aaeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aaeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aaeB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aaeX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aaeX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aaeX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aas(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aas(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aas(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aas(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aat(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aat(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aat(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
abrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
abrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
abrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
accA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
accA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
accA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
accB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
accB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
accB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
accC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
accC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
accC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
accD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
accD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
accD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aceA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aceA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aceA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aceA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aceB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aceB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aceB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aceE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aceE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aceE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aceF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aceF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aceF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aceK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aceK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aceK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ackA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ackA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ackA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acnB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acnB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acpH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acpH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acpH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acpP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acpP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acpP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acpS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acpS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acpS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acpT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acpT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acpT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
acrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
acrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acrD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
acrD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acrE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acrE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
acrE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acrF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acrF(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
acrF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acrR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acrZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acrZ(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acrZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
acs(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
acs(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
acs(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
actP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
actP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
actP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ada(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ada(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ada(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
add(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
add(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
add(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
addA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
adhE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
adhE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
adhE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adhE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
adhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
adhP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
adi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
adi(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
adiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
adiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adiY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
adiY(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
adiY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
adk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
adk(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aefA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aefA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aefA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aegA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aegA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aegA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aer(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
aer(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
aer(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aer(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aer(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aer(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
aer(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
aes(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aes(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aes(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
agaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
agaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
agaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
agp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
agp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
agp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ahpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ahpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ahpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ahpF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ahpF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ahpF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aidB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aidB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aidB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ais(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ais(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ais(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
ais(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alaS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aldB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aldB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aldB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alkA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alkB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alkB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alkB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alx(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
amiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
amiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
amiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
amiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
amiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
amiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amn(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
amn(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
amn(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amn(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ampC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
ampC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
ampC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
ampD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ampD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ampD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ampE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ampE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ampE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ampG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ampG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ampG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ampH(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
ampH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ampH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ampH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
amtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
amtB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amyA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
amyA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
amyA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
anmK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
anmK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
anmK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ansA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ansA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ansA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ansB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ansB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ansB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ansP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ansP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ansP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ant (3")-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin
ant (3")-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
ant(2")-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
ant(2")-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
ant(2")-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
ant(3'')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
ant(3")-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
ant3''Ih	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
ant3''Ih	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
apaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
apaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
apaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
apaH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
apaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
apaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
apbC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
apbC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
apbC	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
apeE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
apeE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
apeE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph(3 )-Ii-iv	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3'')	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3'')-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3'')-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3'')-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3'')-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph(3')-Ic	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph(3')-Ic	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph(3')-II	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3')-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aph(3")-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(3")-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph(3")-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aph(3)-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(300)-lb	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph(4)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(4)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(4)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(4)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph(4)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aph(4)-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph(6)-I	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Ic	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Ic	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin
aph(6)-Id	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph(9)-Ib	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph3-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph3-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph3-ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph3-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph3-ic	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph3-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph3-Iia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph3-IIa	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph3''Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph3''Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aph4-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aph4-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aph4-ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	HygromycinB
aph4-Ia	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aphA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aphA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aphA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aphA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
aphA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
aphA-3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aphA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
aphA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
aphA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aphAI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aphAI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aphAI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
aphAI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
apt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
apt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
apt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
araA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
araA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
araB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
araB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
araC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
araC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
araD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
araD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
araE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
araE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
araH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
araH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
araJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
araJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
araJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybcF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybcF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybcF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
argT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
argT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
armA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
arnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arnB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arnC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arnC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arnD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arnD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arnE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arnE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arnF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arnF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arnT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arnT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aroP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aroP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aroP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arr-2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampicin
arr-2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampicin
arr-3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Florfenicol
arr-3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampicin
arr-3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampicin
artI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
artI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
artI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
artJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
artJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
artJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
artM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
artM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
artM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
artP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
artP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
artP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
artQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
artQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
artQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asnA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asnB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asnC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asnC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asnC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asnS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asnS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asnS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aspA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aspC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aspC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
aspC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
aspS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aspS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aspS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
asrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
asrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
asrC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
astA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
astA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
astA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
astB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
astB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
astB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
astC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
astC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
astC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
astD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
astD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
astD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
astE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
astE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
astE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
atpI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
atpI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
atpI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
avrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
avrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
avrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
avrA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
avrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
avrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
avrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
avtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
avtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
avtA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
azoR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
azoR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
azoR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
b2145(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
b2145(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
b2145(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bacA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
baeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
baeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
baeR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
baeR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
baeS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
baeS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
baeS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bamA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bamA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bamA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bamB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bamE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bamE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bamE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
barA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
barA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
barA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
barA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
barA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
basR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
basR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
basR(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
basR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
basS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
basS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
basS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bax(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bax(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bax(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bcfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
bcfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcfH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcrC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Bacitracin
bcsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsZ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bcsZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bcsZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bdm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bdm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bdm(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bepA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bfd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bfd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bfd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bfr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bfr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bfr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bglA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bglA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bglA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bglJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bglJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bglJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bglX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bglX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bglX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bigA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bigA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bigA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bigA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioD1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioD1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioD1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioD2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioD2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioD2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bioP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bioP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bioP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bipA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
birA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
birA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
birA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bisC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bisC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bisC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cafepime
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Carbapenem
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cefotaxime
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cefoxitin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ceftazidime
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ceftriaxone
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephalolecithin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephalosporin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephalothin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephalothine
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephamycins
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Clavulanic Acid
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cloxacillin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cotrimoxazole
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Moxalactam
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxacillin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Penicillin
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
bla	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
blaCARB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blacarB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaCARB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCMY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaCTX-M	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaDHA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaDHA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaFOX	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaHER	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaHERA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaHERA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaOXA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaOXY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaPER	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaPSE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaSHV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaSHV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephalosporins
blaSME	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
blaTEM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephalosporins
blc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
blc(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
blc(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ble	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
ble	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
ble	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
bleO	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
blmS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
bolA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bolA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bolA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
brnQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
brnQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
brnQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btsR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btuB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btuC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btuD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btuD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btuD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btuE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btuE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btuE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btuF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btuF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btuF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btuF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btuR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btuR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btuR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cadA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cadA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cadB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cadB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cadB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cadC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cadC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cadC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cadC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rng(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rng(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rng(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
caiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
caiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
caiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
caiB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
caiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
caiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
caiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
caiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
caiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
caiE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
caiF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
caiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
caiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
caiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
caiT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
carA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
carA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
carA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
carA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
carB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
carB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
carB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cas1(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cas1(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cas1(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
CAT	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cat1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cat1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cat2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cat2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cat2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cat4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
catA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
catA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
catA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
ptsG(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catB3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
catB3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
catB3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catB3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catB4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
catB8	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
catB8	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
catP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
cbiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiB	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiP(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiQ	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiQ	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiQ	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbiT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbiT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cbpM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cbpM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cbpM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cca(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cca(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cca(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmA1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmA1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmA1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmA2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmA2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmA2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmE1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmE1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmE1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ccmH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ccmH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ccmH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cdaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cdaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cdaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cdd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cdd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cdd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cdh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cdh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cdh(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cdsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cdsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cdsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cedA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cedA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cedA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
celA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
celA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
celA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chbC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chbC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chbR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chbF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cfa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cfa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cfa(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chbG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cheA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cheA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cheA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cheA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cheB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cheB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cheB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cheM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cheR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cheR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cheR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheW(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheW(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cheW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cheW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cheW(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cheW(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
chey	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
chey	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cheY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cheY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chey	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
chey	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
chez	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
chez	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cheZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cheZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cheZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chez	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
chez	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
chiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chiP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
chiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
chiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
chiQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cho(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cho(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cho(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cigR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cigR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cigR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cigR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cigR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cigR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cigR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
cirA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cirA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cirA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citC2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citC2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citC2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citD1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citD1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citD1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citD2(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citD2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citD2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citE2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citE2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citE2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citF2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citF2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citF2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citG1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citG1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citG1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citG2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citG2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citG2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citP	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citP	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citP	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citT(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
citX2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
citX2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
citX2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clpA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clpP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clpP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clpP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clpS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clpS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clpS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clpX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clpX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clpX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
clsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
clsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
clsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cmeA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
cmeB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
cmeC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
cmeR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
cmk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cmk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cmk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cml	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cml	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
mdfA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
mdfA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
mdfA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
mdfA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
mdfA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cmlA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cmlA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cmlA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cmlA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cmlA5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
cmlA5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cmlA5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
cmlA9	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
cmlA9	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
cmoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cmoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cmoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cmoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cmoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cmoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
coaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
coaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
coaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
coaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
coaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
coaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
coaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
coaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
coaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cobB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cobB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cobB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cobC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cobC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cobC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cobD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cobD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cobD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cobS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cobS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cobS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cobT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cobT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cobT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cobU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cobU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cobU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cof(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cof(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cof(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
copA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
copA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
copA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
copR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
copR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
copR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
copS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
copS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
copS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
corA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
corA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
corA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
corC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
corC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
corC	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ypjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ypjD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cpdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygfX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygfX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygfX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
CpxA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
cpxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpxP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cpxP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpxP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpxR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
CpxR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
cpxR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpxR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpxR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
cpxR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
cra(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cra(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cra(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
crcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
crcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
crcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
creA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
creA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
creA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
creA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
creB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
creB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
creB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
creC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
creC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
creC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
creD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
creD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
creD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
crl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
crl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
crl(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
crl(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
crp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
crp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
CRP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
crp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
crp(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
crp(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
crr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
crr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
crr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csgD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csgF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
csgG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csgG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csgG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csgG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csgG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
csiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cspA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cspA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cspC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cspD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cspD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cspD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cspE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cspE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cspE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cspD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cspD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cspD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cspJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cspJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cspJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cstA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cstA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cstA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cueO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cueO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cueO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cueR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cueR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cueR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cutA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cutA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cutA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cutC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cutC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cutC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cvpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cvpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cvpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyaA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyaY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cybB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cybB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cybB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cybC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cybC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cybC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cycA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cycA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cycA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cycA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cydA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cydA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cydA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cydB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cydB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cydB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cydC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cydC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cydC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cydD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cydD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cydD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyoA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyoB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyoB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyoC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyoC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyoD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyoD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyoD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyoE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyoE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cypD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cypD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cypD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
cysB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cysZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cysZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cysZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cytR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cytR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cytR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cytR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
cytR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dacA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dacA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dacA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dacA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dacA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dacB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dacB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dacB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dacB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dacC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dacC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dacC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dacD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dacD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dacD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dadA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dadA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dadX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dadX(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dadX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dam(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dam(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dam(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
damX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
damX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
damX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dapA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dapB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dapD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dapD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dapD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dapE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dapE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dapE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dapF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dapF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dapF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dbpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dbpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dbpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcm(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dctA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dctA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dctA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcuB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcuB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcuC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcuR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcuR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcuR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcuS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcuS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcuS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dcyD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dcyD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dcyD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ddlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ddlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ddlA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ddlB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ddlB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ddlB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
deaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
deaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
deaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dedA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dedA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dedA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dedD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dedD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dedD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dedD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
def(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
def(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
def(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
degP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
degP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
degP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
degQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
degQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
degQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
degS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
degS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
degS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
deoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
deoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
deoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
deoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
deoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
deoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
deoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
deoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
deoC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
deoD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
deoD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
deoD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
deoR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
deoR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
deoR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
der(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
der(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
der(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dfp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dfp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dfp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dfr1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfr1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
dfrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
dfrA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA10	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA12	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA12	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA12	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA14	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA14	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA14	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA15	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA15	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA15b	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA16	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA17	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA20	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA21	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA22	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA23	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA25	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA27	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA32	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrA8	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrB3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrB6	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dfrI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
dgcQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgcQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgcQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgkA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgkA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dgkA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dgoD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgoD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgoD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgoK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgoK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgoK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgoR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgoR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgoR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgoT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgoT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgoT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dhfrI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dhfrIX	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dhfrXII	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
diaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
diaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
diaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dinB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dinB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dinB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dinF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dinF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dinF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dinG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dinG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dinG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dinI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dinI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dinI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
djlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
djlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
djlA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dkgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dkgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dkgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dkgB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dkgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dkgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dksA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dksA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dksA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dld(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dld(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dld(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dlgD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dlgD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dlgD	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dmsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dmsA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dmsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dmsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dmsB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dmsB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dmsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dmsC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dmsC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dmsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dmsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dmsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dmsD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
dnaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dnaX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dnaX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dnaX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mltD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mltD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mltD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dokD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dokD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dokD	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dpaL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dpaL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dpaL	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dpiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dpiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dpiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dpiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dpiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dpiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dppA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dppB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dppB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dppB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dppC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dppC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dppC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dppD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dppD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dppD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dppF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dppF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dppF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dps(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dps(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dps(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
drfA12	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
dsbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsbE1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbE1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbE1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsbI	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbI	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbI	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsbL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsbL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsbL	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsdC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsdX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsdX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsdX(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsdX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dsrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dsrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dsrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dtd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dtd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dtd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dtnK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dtnK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dtnK	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dtpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dtpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dtpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dtpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dtpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dtpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dtpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dtpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dtpD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dusA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dusB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dusB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dusB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dusC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dusC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dusC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dut(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dut(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dut(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dxr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dxr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dxr(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dxr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dxs(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dxs(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dxs(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eamA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eamA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eamA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eamB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ecnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ecnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ecnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ecnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ecnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ecnB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ecnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ecnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ecnR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eco(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eco(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eco(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eda(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eda(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eda(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
edd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
edd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
edd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
efp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
efp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
efp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
efp(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
efp(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
elaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
elaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
elaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
elaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
elaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
elaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
emrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
emrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
emrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
emrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
emrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
emrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
emrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
emrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
emrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
emrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
emrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
emrD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
emrD(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
emrD(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mprA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mprA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mprA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
mprA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mprA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mprA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
emtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
emtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
emtA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
endA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
endA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
endA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
endA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eno(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eno(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eno(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
entS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
entS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
envE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
envE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
envE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
envF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
envF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
envF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
envR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
envR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
envR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
envZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
envZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
envZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
envZ(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
envZ(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
epd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
epd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
epd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
epmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
epmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
epmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
epmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
epmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
epmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eptA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eptA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eptA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eptB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eptB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eptB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
era(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
era(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
era(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ereA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
ereA	confers resistance to antibiotic	lincosamide
ereA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Macrolides
ereA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Macrolides
ereA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptogramines
ereA2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
ldtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldtA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ermB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
ermB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Macrolides
erpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
erpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
erpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
errn(c)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
eutA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
eutT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
eutT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
eutT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
exbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
exbB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
exbB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
exbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
exbD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
exbD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
exoX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
exoX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
exoX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
fadR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fbaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fbaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fbaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fbaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fbaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fbaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fbp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fbp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fbp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdhD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdhD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdhD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdhE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdhE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdhE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdhF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdhF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdhF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdnG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdnG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdnG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdnH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdnH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdnH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdnH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdnI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdnI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdnI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdoG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdoG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdoG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdoG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdoH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdoI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdoI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdoI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fdx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fdx(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fdx(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
feoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
feoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
feoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
feoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
feoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
feoB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
feoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
feoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
feoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
feoC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fepA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fepB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fepB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fepB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fepC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fepC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fepC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fepD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fepD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fepD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fepE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fepE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fepE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fepG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fepG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fepG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fes(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fes(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fes(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ffh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ffh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ffh(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fhlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fhlA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fhuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fhuA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fhuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fhuB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fhuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fhuC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhuD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fhuD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fhuD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhuE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fhuE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fhuE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fhuF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fhuF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fhuF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fic(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fic(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fic(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fidL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fidL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fidL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fieF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fieF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fieF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fijA	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fijA	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fijA	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fijA	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sfmH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sfmH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sfmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sfmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sfmH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimW(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimW(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimW(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimW(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimY(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimY(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimY(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimY(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimZ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimZ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fimZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fimZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fimZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fimZ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fimZ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
finO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
finO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
finO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
finP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
finP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
finP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fis(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fis(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fis(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fixA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fixA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fixA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fixB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fixB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fixB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fixC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fixC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fixC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fixX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fixX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fixX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fklB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fklB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fklB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fkpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fkpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fkpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fldA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fldA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fldA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fldB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fldB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fldB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flgN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flgN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flgN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flhA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flhA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flhA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flhB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flhB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flhB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flhB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flhC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flhC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flhC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flhD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flhD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flhE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flhE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flhE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flhE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flhE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flic	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flic	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flic	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flic	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flih	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
flih	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flih	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
flih	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliJ(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
fliJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliJ(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliL(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliN(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
tcyJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
tcyJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
tcyJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tcyJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tcyJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tcyJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
tcyJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliZ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliZ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
fliZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fliZ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fliZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fliZ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fliZ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
fljA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fljA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fljA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fljA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fljB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fljB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fljB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
flk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
flk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
flo	confers resistance to antibiotic	Florfenicol
flo	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Florfenicol
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Florfenicol
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Florfenicol
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
floR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
fmt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fmt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fmt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fnr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fnr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fnr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
focA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
focA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
focA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
folA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
folA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
folA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
folB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
folB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
folB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
folC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
folC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
folC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
folD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
folD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
folD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
folE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
folE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
folE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
folK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
folK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
folK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
folP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
folP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
folP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fosA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
fosA3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
fosA3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
fosA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
fosA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
fosA7	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
FosA7.5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
foxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
foxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
foxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fpr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fpr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fpr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frdC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frdD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frdD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fre(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fre(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fre(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fruA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fruA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fruA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fruB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fruB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fruB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fruK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fruK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fruK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frwB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frwB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frwB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frwC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frwC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frwC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
frwD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
frwD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
frwD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fsa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fsa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fsa(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fsr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fsr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fsr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftnB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsH(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ftsH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsN(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ftsN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsN(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsQ(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftsZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftsZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftsZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fucA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fucA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fucA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fucI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fucI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fucI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fucI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fucK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fucK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fucK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fucO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fucO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fucO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fucR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fucR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fucR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fucU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fucU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fucU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fumA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fumA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fumA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fumB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fumB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fumB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fumC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fumC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fumC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fumD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fumD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fumD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fur(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fur(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fur(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fusA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fxsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fxsA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fxsA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fxsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gabD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gabD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gabD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gabD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gabP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gabP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gabP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gabT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gabT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gabT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galE(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
galE(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
galF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
galU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
galU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
galU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gapA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
garD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
garD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
garD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
garD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
garK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
garK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
garK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
garL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
garL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
garL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
garR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
garR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
garR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gatB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gatR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gatR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gatY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gatY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gatY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gatZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gatZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gatZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gcd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gcd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gcd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gcl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gcl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gcl(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gcvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gcvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gcvA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gcvH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gcvH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gcvH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gcvP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gcvP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gcvP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gcvR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gcvR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gcvR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gcvT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gcvT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gcvT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gdhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gdhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gdhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gdx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gdx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gdx(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
Gene	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
Gene	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ggt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ggt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ggt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ghrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ghrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ghrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ghrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ghrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ghrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnmG(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mnmG(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rsmG(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hyi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hyi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hyi(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gldA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gldA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gldA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glgP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glgP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glgP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glgS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glgS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glgS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glgX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glgX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glgX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glmM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glmM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glmM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glmS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glmS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glmS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glmU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glmU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glmU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
glnA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glnS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glnS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glnS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gloA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gloA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gloA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gloB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gloB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gloB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
GlpT	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
glpT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpT(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
glpT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glpX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glpX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glpX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gltX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gltX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gltX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gluQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gluQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gluQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glxK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glxK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glxK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glxR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glxR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glxR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glyA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glyA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glyA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glyQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glyQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glyQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glyS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glyS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glyS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gmd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gmd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gmd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gmhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gmhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gmhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gmhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gmhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gmhB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gmk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gmk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gmk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gmm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gmm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gmm(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gnd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gnd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gnd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gns	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gns	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gns	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gntK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gntK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gntK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gntR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gntR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gntR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gntR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gntR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gntT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gntT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gntT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gntU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gntU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gntU(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gntU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhgH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gogB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gogB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gogB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gor(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gor(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gor(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gor(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gor(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gph(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gph(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gph(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gpmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gpmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gpmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytjC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gpmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gpmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gpmI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gpp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gpp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gpp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gpsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gpsA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gpsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gpt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gpt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gpt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
grcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
grcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
grcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
greA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
greA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
greA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
greB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
greB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
greB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
groL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
groL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
groL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
groS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
groS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
groS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
grpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
grpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
grpE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
grxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
grxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
grxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
grxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
grxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
grxB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
grxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
grxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
grxC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gshA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gshA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gshA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gshB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gshB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gshB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gshB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gshB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gshB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gsiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gsiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gsiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gsiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gsiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gsiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gsiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gsiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gsiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gsiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gsiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gsiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gsk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gsk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gsk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gss(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gss(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gss(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gstA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gstA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gstA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
guaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
guaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
guaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
guaA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
guaA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
guaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
guaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
guaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
guaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
guaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
guaC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
guaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gudD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gudD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gudD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gudD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gudT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gudT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gudT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gutM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gutM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gutM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gutQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gutQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gutQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gyrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gyrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
GyrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
GyrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
GyrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
GyrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gyrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gyrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
GyrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
gyrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
gyrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
gyrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
gyrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
gyrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gyrA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan
gyrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
GyrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
GyrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gyrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
GyrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
gyrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
gyrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
gyrB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
gyrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hcaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hcaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hcaT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hcp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hcp(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hcp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hcr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hcr(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hcr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hda(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hda(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hda(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hdeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hdeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hdeB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hdfR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hdfR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hdfR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hdfR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
helD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
helD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
helD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemX(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rapA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rapA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hflC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hflC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hflC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hflD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hflD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hflD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hflK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hflK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hflK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hflX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hflX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hflX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hfq(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hfQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hfq(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hfq(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hha(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hha(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hha(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hilA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hilA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hilA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hilA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hilA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hilA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hilA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hilC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hilC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hilC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hilC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hilC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hilD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hilD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hilD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hilD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hilD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hilD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hilD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hin(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hin(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
hin(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hin(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hin(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hin(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hin(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
hisA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisM(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hisS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hisS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hisS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hiuH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hiuH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hiuH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hldE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hldE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hldE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
skp(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hmp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hmp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hmp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rssB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rssB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rssB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hns(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hns(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hns(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hns(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hns(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hofB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hofB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hofB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hofC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hofC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hofC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hofQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hofQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hofQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
holA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
holA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
holA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
holB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
holB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
holB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
holC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
holC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
holC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
holD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
holD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
holD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
holE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
holE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
holE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hopD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hopD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hopD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpaX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpaX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpaX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpcH	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpcH	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpcH	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpf(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hpt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hpt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hpt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hrpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hrpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hrpA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hrpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hrpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hrpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hrpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hscA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hscA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hscA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hscB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hscB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hscB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hscC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hscC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hscC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hscC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hsdM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hsdM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hsdM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hsdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hsdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hsdR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hsdS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hsdS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hsdS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hslJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hslJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hslJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hslO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hslO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hslO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hslU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hslU(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hslU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hslV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hslV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hslV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hspQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hspQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hspQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
htgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
htgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
htgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
htpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
htpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
htpG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
htpX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
htpX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
htpX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
degP(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hupA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hupA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hupA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hupA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
hupA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ofloxacin
hupA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hupB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hupB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hupB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hupB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hutC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hutC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hutC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hutG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hutG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hutG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hutH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hutH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hutH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hutI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hutI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hutI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hyaA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hybA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hybB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hybB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hybC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hybC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hybD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hybD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hybE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hybE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hybF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hybF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hybG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hybG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hybG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hycI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hycI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hycI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hydN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hydN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hydN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iaaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iaaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iaaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iacP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iacP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iacP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iadA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iagB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
iagB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
iagB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iagB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iagB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iagB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
iagB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
iap(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iap(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iap(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ibpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ibpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ibpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ibpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ibpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ibpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cpdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
icd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
icd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
icd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
argP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iclR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iclR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iclR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
idi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
idi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
idi(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
idnD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
idnD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
idnD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
idnK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
idnK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
idnK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
idnK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
idnO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
idnO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
idnO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
idnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
idnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
idnR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
idnT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
idnT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
idnT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
igaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
igaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
igaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ihfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ihfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ihfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ihfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ihfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ihfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ileS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ileS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ileS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ilvY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ilvY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ilvY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
infA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
infA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
infA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
infB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
infB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
infB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
infC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
infC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
infC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
intl1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Class I Integron
invA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
invA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
invA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
invA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
invA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
invC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
invE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
invE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
invF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
invF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
invG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
invH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
invH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
invJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
invJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
invJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
iolE	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iolE	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iolE	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iolG	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iolG	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iolG	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iprA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iprA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iprA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iraD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iraD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iraD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iraM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iraM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iraM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iraP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iraP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iraP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iroB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iroB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iroC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iroC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iroD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iroD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iroE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iroE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iroN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iroN(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iroN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iscA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iscA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iscA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iscR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iscR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iscR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iscS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iscS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iscS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
IsrF	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ivbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ivbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ivbL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
katE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
katE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
katE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
katG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
katG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
katG(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Isoniazid
katG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
katG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kbl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kbl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kbl(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdgK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdgK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdgK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdgR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdgR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdgR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdgT1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdgT1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdgT1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdgT2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdgT2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdgT2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdpD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdpE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
kdpE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
kdpE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
kdpE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdpE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdsA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kdsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kdsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kdsD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kduD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kduD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kduD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kduI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kduI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kduI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kefB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kefB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kefB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kefC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kefC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kefC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kefC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kefF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kefF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kefF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kefG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kefG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kefG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kgtP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kgtP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kgtP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
KpnF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
kup(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kup(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kup(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lamB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjtD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjtD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjtD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lepA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lepB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lepB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lepB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lepB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
lepB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
leuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuC1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuC1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuC1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuC2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuC2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuC2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuD1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuD1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuD1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuD2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuD2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuD2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuQ(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
leuS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
leuS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
leuV(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lexA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lexA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lexA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lgt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lgt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lgt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ligA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ligA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ligA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ligA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ligB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ligB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ligB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thpR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thpR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thpR(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thpR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
linB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
linG	confers resistance to antibiotic	lincosamide
linG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
lipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lipA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lipB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lipB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lipB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
livF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
livF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
livF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
livG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
livG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
livG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
livH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
livH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
livH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
livJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
livJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
livJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
livK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
livK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
livK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
livM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
livM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
livM(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
livM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lldD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lldD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lldD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lldP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lldP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lldP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lldR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lldR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lldR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lnt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lnt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lnt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lnu(B)	confers resistance to antibiotic	lincosamide
lnu(F)	confers resistance to antibiotic	lincosamide
lnu(F)	confers resistance to antibiotic	lincosamide
lnu(F)	confers resistance to antibiotic	lincosamide
lolA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lolA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lolA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lolB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lolB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lolB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lolD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lolD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lolD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lon(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lon(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lon(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lon(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lonH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lonH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lonH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lpfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lpfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lpfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lpfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpfC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lpfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lpfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpfD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
lpfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpfE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lpfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
lplA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lplA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lplA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lplT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lplT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lplT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpp1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpp1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpp1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpp2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpp2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpp2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lptD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lptD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lptD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lptE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lptE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lptE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lrhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lrhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lrhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lrp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lrp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lrp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lspA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lsrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lsrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lsrR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ltaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ltaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ltaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
luxS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
luxS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
luxS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lysA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lysA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lysA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lysC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lysC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lysC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lysP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lysP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lysP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lysR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lysR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lysR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lysS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lysS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lysS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lyxK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lyxK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lyxK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
maa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
maa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
maa(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
MacAB-TolC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Macrolides
macB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
macB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
macB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
maeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
maeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
maeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
maeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
maeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
maeB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
maf	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malT(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
malZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
malZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
malZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
manA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
manA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
manA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cpsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpsG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cpsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
manX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
manX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
manX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
manY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
manY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
manY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
manZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
manZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
manZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
map(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
map(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
map(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
map(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
marA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
marA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
marA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
marA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
marA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
marA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
marB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
marB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
marB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
marB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
marC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
marC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
marC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
marR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
marR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
marR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
marR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
marT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
marT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
marT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
marT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
marT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
marT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
marT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
matP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
matP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
matP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mazG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mazG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mazG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mazG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mcp1	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mcpF	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mcr-1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
mcr-1.1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
MCR-1.6	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
MCR-3.2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
mcr-4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
MCR-4.1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
MCR-5.1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
mcr-9	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
mcr-9	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
MCR-9.1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Colistin
nfsA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdfA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
mdfA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
mdfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdh(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdlA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdlB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdlB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdlB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdlB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
opgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
opgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
opgB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
opgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
opgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
opgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
opgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
opgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
opgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
opgD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
opgG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
opgG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
opgG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
opgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
opgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
opgH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
MdsABC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
mdtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
MdtABC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
mdtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
MdtK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Acriflavine
mdtK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
MdtK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Doxorubicin
mdtK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
MdtK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin
mdtK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mdtM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mdtM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mecA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
mefB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
melA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
melA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
melA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
melB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
melB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
melB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
melR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
melR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
melR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
menI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
menI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
menI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mepA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metAS	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metAS	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metAS	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metL(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
metL(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
metN1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metN1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metN1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metN2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metN2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metN2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
metR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
metR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
metR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mfd(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mfd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mfd(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mfd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mglA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mglA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mglA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mglB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mglB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mglB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mglC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mglC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mglC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mgrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mgrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mgrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mgsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mgsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mgsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mgtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mgtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mgtA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mgtB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
mgtB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
mgtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mgtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mgtB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mgtB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
mgtB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
mgtC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
mgtC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
mgtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mgtC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mgtC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mgtC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
mgtC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
mgtL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mgtL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mgtL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
miaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
miaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
miaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
miaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
miaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
miaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
miaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
miaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
miaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
micF(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mig-14(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mig-14(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mig-14(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mig-14(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mig-3(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mig-3(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mig-3(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mig-3(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
minC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
minC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
minC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
minD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
minD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
minD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
minE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
minE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
minE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mioC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mioC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mioC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mipA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
misL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
misL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
misL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
misL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
misL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
misL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
misL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
mkaC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mkaC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mkaC	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mlc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mlc(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mlrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mlrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mltA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mltA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mltA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mltB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mltB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mltB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mltC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mltC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mltC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mltD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mltF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mltF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mltF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mnmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mnmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mnmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mnmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mnmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mnmE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mnmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mnmG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mntH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mntH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mntH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mntP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mntP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mntP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mntR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mntR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mntR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
moaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
moaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
moaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
moaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
moaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
moaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
moaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
moaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
moaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
moaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
moaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
moaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
moaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
moaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
moaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mobA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mobA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mobA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mobB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mobB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mobB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mod(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mod(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mod(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mod(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
modA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
modA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
modA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
modB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
modB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
modB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
modC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
modC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
modC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
modE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
modE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
modE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
modF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
modF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
modF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
moeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
moeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
moeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
moeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
moeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
moeB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mog(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mog(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mog(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
motA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
motA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
motA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
motA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
motA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
motA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
motA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
motB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
motB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
motB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
motB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
motB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
motB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
motB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
mphA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
mphA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
mphA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
mphA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Macrolides
mphB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
mphE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Macrolides
mpl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mpl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mpl(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mppA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mraY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mraY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mraY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mraZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mraZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mraZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mrcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mrcA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mrcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mrcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mrcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mrcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mrcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mrdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mrdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mrdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mrdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mrdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mrdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mreB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mreB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mreB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mreC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mreC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mreC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mreD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mreD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mreD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mrr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mrr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mrr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mrx	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
msbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msbA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
msbA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxM(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mscL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mscL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mscL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msrE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Macrolides
msrP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msrP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msrP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msrQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msrQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msrQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msyB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msyB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msyB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mtfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mtfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mtgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mtgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mtlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mtlA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtlD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mtlD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mtlD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtlD(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mtlD(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mtlR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mtlR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mtlR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtlR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mtlR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mtnN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mtnN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mtnN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mtr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mtr(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mtr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mug(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mug(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mug(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mukB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mukB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mukB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mukE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mukE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mukE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mukF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mukF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mukF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
murQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
murQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
murQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mutH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mutH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mutL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mutL(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mutM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mutM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mutS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mutS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mutT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mutT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mutY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mutY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mutY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceM(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nadA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nadB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nadB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nadC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nadC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nadD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nadD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nadE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nadE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nadK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nadK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nadR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nadR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nadR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nadR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nagA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nagA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nagA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nagA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nagA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nagB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nagB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nagB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nagC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nagC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nagC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
umpH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
umpH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
umpH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nagE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nagE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nagE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nagK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nagK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nagK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nagZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nagZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nagZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanE1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanE1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanE1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanE2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanE2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanE2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nanT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nanT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nanT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
napA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
napA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
napA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
napB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
napB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
napB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
napC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
napC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
napC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
napD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
napD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
napD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
napF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
napF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
napF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
napG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
napG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
napG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
napH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
napH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
napH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narQ(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
narZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
narZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
narZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ndh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ndh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ndh(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ndk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ndk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ndk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nei(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nei(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nei(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nei(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nemA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nemA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nemA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nepI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nepI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nepI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nepI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nfi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nfi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nfi(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nfo(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nfo(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nfo(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nfsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nfsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nfsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nfsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nfsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nfsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nfuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nfuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nfuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nhaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nhaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nhaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nhaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nhaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nhaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nhaP2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nhaP2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nhaP2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nhaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nhaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nhaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nhoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nhoA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nhoA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nhoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydbK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydbK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydbK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iscU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iscU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iscU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nikR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nikR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nikR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nirB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nirB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nirB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nirC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nirC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nirC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nirD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nirD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nirD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nixA	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sfsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sfsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sfsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bamC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bamC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bamC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nlpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nlpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nlpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nlpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nlpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nlpD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nlpI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nlpI(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nlpI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nlpI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
norR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
norR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
norR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
norV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
norV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
norV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
norW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
norW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
norW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrdR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrfA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrfB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrfC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrfD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrfD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrfE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrfE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrfE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nrfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nrfG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nrfG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nsrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nsrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nsrR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nth(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nth(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nth(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nudB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nudB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nudB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nucE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nucE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nudC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nudC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nudC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nudI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nudI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nudI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nudK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nudK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nudK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nudL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nudL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nudL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
null	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
null	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nuoN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nuoN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nuoN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nupC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nupC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nupC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nupG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nupG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nupG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nusA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nusB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nusB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nusB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nusG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nusG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nusG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nxiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nxiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nxiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oadA1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oadA1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oadA1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oadB1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oadB1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oadB1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oadB2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oadB2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oadB2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oadG1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oadG1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oadG1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oadG2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oadG2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oadG2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oadG3	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oadG3	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oadG3	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oafA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oafA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oafA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
obgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
obgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
obgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ogt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ogt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ogt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
OmpC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
ompD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompD	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompF(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ompF(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ompL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompW(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ompX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ompX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ompX(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
ompX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oppA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oppB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oppB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oppB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oppC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oppC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oppC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oppC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oppD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oppD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oppD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oppF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oppF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oppF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oqxA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
oqxA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
oqxA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
oqxB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
oqxB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
oqxB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
orf242(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf242(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf242(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf245(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf245(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf245(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf319(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf319(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf319(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf32(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf32(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf32(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf408(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf408(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf408(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf48(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf48(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf48(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf5(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf5(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf5(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf6(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf6(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf6(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orf7(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orf7(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orf7(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orfL	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Nitrofurantoin
orfL	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Nitrofurantoin
orfX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orfX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orfX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
orgAa	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
orgAa	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
orgAa	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
orgAa	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
orgAb	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
orgAb	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
orgAb	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
orgAb	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
orgB	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orgC	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orgC	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orn(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
orn(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
orn(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
osmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
osmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
osmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
osmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmV	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
osmV	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmV	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmW	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
osmW	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmW	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmX	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
osmX	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmX	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
osmY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
osmY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
osmY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
otnK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
otnK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
otnK	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
otsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
otsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
otsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
otsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
otsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
otsB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
otsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
oxyR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
oxyR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
oxyR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pabA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pabA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pabA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pabB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pabB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pabB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pabC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pabC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pabC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pagC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pagC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pagC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pagD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pagD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pagD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pagK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pagK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pagK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pagN	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pagN	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pagN	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pagO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pagO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pagO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pagP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pagP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pagP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pal(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pal(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pal(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
panB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
panB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
panC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
panC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
panD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
panD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
panE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
panE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
panF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
panF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
panZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
panZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
panS	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
panS	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
panS	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
parA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
parA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
parA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
parB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
parB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
parB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
parC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ParC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ParC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ParC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ParC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
parC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ParC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
parC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
parC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
parC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
parC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
parC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
parC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
parC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
parE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ParE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
parE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ParE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
parE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
parE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
parE(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
parE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
parE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pat(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pat(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pat(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
patA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
patA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
patA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
patD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
patD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
patD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PBP3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
pbpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pbpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pbpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pbpE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
pbpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pbpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pbpG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pck(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pck(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pck(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pcm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pcm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pcm(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pcnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pcnB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pcnB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdgL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdgL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdgL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdhR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdhR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdhR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduB	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pduX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pduX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pduX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdxA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdxA2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdxA2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdxA2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdxB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdxH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdxH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdxH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdxJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdxJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdxJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdxK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdxK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdxK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdxY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdxY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdxY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
pefA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pefA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pefA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Ticarcillin
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Ticarcillin
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
pefA(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
pefB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pefB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pefB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pefB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
pefB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
pefC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pefC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pefC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pefC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
pefC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
pefD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pefD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pefD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pefI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pefI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pefI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pefl	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefl	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pefl	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
pefl	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
penA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
pepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pepT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pepT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pepT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfgO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfgO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfgO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pfkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pfkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pfkA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pfkA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
pfkA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
pfkB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pfkB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pfkB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pfkB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pflA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pflA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pflA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pflB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pflB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pflB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pflC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pflC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pflC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pflD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pflD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pflD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pflE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pflE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pflE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiW(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgi(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgi(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgi(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
pgi(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
pgk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgl(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgm(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgtA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgtB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgtC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgtE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgtE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgtE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgtP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgtP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgtP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pheA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pheA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pheA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pheP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pheP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pheP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pheS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pheS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pheS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pheT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pheT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pheT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjdM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjdM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjdM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjdN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjdN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjdN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phnX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phnX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phnX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoP(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
phoP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoP(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
phoP(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ofloxacin
phoP(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
phoP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoPQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
phoQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoQ(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
phoQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoQ(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
phoQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phoU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phoU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phoU(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
phoU(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
phr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phr(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
phsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
phsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
phsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pipA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pipB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pipB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
pipB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pipB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pipB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pipB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
pipB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
pipB2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pipB2	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pipB2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pipC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
pipD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pipD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin
pipD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Ticarcillin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Ticarcillin
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
pipD(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
pitA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pitA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pitA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pldA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pldA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pldA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pldB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pldB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pldB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
plsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
plsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
plsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
plsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
plsC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
plsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
plsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
plsX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
plsX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
plsX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
plsY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
plsY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
plsY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pmbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pmbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pmbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pmrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pmrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pmrD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arnC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
PmrF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
pncA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pncA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pncA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pncB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pncB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pncB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pnp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pnp(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
pnp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pnp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pntA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pntA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pntA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pntA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pntB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pntB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pntB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pnuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pnuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pnuC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pocR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pocR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pocR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
polA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
polA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
polA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
polB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
polB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
polB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
potI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
potI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
potI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
poxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
poxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
poxB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppa(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppa(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppc(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppdC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppdD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppdD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pphA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pphA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pphA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pphB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pphB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pphB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppk(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppk(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ppk(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ppnP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppnP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppnP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppsR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppx(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pqaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pqaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pqaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pqiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pqiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pqiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pqiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pqiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pqiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prc(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
preA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
preA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
preA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
preT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
preT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
preT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prfH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prgH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prgH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prgH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
prgH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
prgI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prgI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prgI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prgI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
prgI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
prgJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prgJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prgJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prgJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
prgJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
prgK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
prgK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prgK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prgK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prgK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
prgK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
priA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
priA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
priA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
priA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
priB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
priB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
priB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
priC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
priC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
priC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prkB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prkB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prkB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prlC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prlC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prlC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
proY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
proY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
proY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prpD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prpE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prpR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prpR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prpR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
prs(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
prs(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
prs(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
psd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
psd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
psd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pse1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
pse1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin
psiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
psiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
psiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
psiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
psiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
psiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
psiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
psiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
psiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
psiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
psiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
psiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT001(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT001(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT001(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT002(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT002(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT002(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT007(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT007(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT007(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT020(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT024(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT024(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT024(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT025(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT025(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT025(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT026(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT026(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT026(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT029(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT029(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT029(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT030(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT032(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT033(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT034(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT034(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT034(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT036(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT042(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT043(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT043(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT043(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT045(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT045(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT045(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT046(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT046(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT046(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT047(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT047(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT047(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT049(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT049(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT049(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT050(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT050(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT050(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT051(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT051(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT051(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT056(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT056(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT056(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT057(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT057(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT057(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT059(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT059(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT059(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT060(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT060(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT060(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT061(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT061(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT061(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT062(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT062(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT062(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT063(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT063(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT063(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT064(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT064(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT064(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT068(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT068(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT068(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT087(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT087(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT087(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT093(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT093(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT093(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
PSLT107(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
PSLT107(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
PSLT107(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pspA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pspB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pspC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pspD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pspD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pspE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pspE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pspF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pspF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pssA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pssA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pssA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pstA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pstA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pstA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pstB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pstB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pstB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pstC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pstC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pstC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pstS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pstS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pstS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pstS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pta(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pta(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pta(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pth(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pth(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pth(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptpS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptpS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptpS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptr(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptsG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptsH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptsH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptsI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptsI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptsJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptsJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptsN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptsN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
npr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
npr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
npr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ptsP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ptsP(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ptsP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purK(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
purU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
purU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
purU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
putA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
putA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
putA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
putP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
putP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
putP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pxpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pxpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pxpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pykA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pykA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pykA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pykF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pykF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pykF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pyrL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pyrL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pyrL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
qac	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quatarnary Ammonium compounds
qacE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
qacE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
qacH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
qacH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Phenicols
qnr-S1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnr-S5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
QnrB19	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
QnrB19	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
qnrB19	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrB2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrB4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
QnrB5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrB6	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrB88	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrD1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrD2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrE1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrS1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrS1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrS2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
QnrS2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrS3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qnrS4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Quinolones
qorA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
qorA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
qorA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
qseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
qseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
qseB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
qseC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
qseC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
qseC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
queA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
queA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
queA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
queC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
queC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
queC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
queF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
queF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
queF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
queG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
queG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
queG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
radA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
radA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
radA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
rpsD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
ramR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
rapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rapA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rapZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rapZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rapZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rarD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rarD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rarD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ratA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ratA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ratA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ratA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ratB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ratB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ratB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ratB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ratB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ratB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ratB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ravA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ravA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ravA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rbfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
RBS	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
RBS,	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rbsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rbsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rbsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rbsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rbsK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rbsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rbsR(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rbsR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rcK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rcnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rcnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcnR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcnR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rcsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rcsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rcsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rcsF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcsF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcsF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rdgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rdgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rdgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rdgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rdgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rdgC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rdgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rdoA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rdoA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rdoA	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
RecB	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recG(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
recG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recN(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
recN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recN(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
recX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
recX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
recX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
relA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
relA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
relA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rep(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rep(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rep(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
repA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
repA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
repA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
repA2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
repA2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
repA2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
repA3(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
repA3(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
repA3(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
repC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
repC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
repC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
res(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
res(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
res(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfaK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfaP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfaQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfaZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfaZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfaZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbI(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbI(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbK(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbK(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbM(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbM(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbU(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbU(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbU(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rfbV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfc(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wecC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
wecC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rffG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rffG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rffG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rffG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rffH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rffH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rffH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rffM(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rffM(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rhaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhaS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhaT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhlB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhlB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhlB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhlE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhlE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhlE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhmA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhmA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhmA	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhmD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rho(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rho(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rho(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhtA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhtA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhtB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhtC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rhuM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rhuM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rhuM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ribA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ribA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ribA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ribB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ribB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ribB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ribD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ribD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ribD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ribC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ribC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ribC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ribF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ribF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ribF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ribE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ribE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ribE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ridA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ridA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ridA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rihA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rihA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rihA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rihC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rihC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rihC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rimI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rimI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rimJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rimJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rimK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rimK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rimL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rimL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rimM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rimM(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rimO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rimO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rimP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rimP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rimP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlpA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rluA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rluA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rluA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rluB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rluB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rluB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rluC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rluC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rluC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rluD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rluD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rluD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rluE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rluE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rluE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rluF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rluF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rluF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rm(F)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Erythromycin
rmbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
rmbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
rmbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rmbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rmbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rmbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
rmbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
rmf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rmf(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rmf(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rmtB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rmtC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
rmtE1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
rmuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rmuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rmuC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rna(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rna(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rna(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rna(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnb(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnb(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnb(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnc(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rne(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rne(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rne(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rne(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rne(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rne(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rnhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnhB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnpA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnpB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rob(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rob(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rob(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rob(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rodZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rodZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rodZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rof(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rof(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rof(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpe(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpe(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpe(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rph(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rph(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rph(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplO(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplP(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplW(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplX(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rplY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rplY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rplY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmE2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmE2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmE2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpmJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ykgO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ykgO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ykgO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rpoC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rpoD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rppH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rppH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rppH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
rpsL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpsU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpsU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rraA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rraA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rraA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rraB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rraB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rraB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rRNA	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rrsD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin
rsd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsd(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rseA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rseA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rseA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rseB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rseC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rseC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rseC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rseC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rseC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rseC(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rseP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rseP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rseP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ftnA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ftnA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kasugamycin
rsmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rspA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rspA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rspB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rstA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rstA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rstA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rstB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rstB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rstB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsxB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsxC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsxD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsxD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsxD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsxE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsxE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsxE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsxG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsxG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsxG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rtcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rtcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rtcA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rtcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rtcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rtcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rtcB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rtcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rtcR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rtcR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rtcR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdeN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdeN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdeN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ruvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ruvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ruvA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ruvB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ruvB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ruvB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ruvC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ruvC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ruvC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sadA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sadA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sadA	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sadB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sadB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sadB	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
safA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
safA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
safA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
safA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
safA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
safA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
safB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
safB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
safB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
safB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
safB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
safC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
safC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
safC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
safD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
safD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
safD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
safD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
safD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
safD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
samA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
samA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
samA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
samB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
samB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
samB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sanA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sanA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sanA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sapA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sapB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sapC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sapC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sapC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sapD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sapD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sapD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sapF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sapF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sapF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sapF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sat4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
sbcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sbcB(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
sbcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sbcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sbcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sbcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sbcC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sbcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sbcD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sbcD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sbcD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sbmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sbmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sbmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sbmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sbmC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sbmC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sbp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sbp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sbp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
scsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
scsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
scsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
scsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
scsB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
scsB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
scsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
scsC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
scsC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
scsD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
scsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
scsD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sctC1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sctC1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sctC1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sctL1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sctL1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sctL1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sctL2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sctL2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sctL2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sctN1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sctN1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sctN1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sctN2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sctN2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sctN2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdhA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdhB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdhC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdhC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdhC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdhD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdhD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdhD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdhE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdhE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdhE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sdiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sdiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sdiA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
sdiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
secY(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
secY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
secY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
selA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
selA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
selA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
selB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
selB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
selB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
selD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
selD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
selD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
selD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
selO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
selO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
selO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
selU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
selU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
selU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
seqA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
seqA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
seqA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
serA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
serA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
serA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
serB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
serB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
serB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
serC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
serC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
serC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
serS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
serS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
serS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
serX(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
setB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
setB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
setB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sfbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sfbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sfbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sfbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sfbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sfbC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sfsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sfsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sfsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sgbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sgbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sgbE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sgbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sgbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sgbH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sgbU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sgbU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sgbU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sgcX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sgcX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sgcX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sgrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sgrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sgrR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
shdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
shdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
shdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
shdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
shdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
shdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
shdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sicA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sicA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sicA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sicP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sicP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sicP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sicP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sicP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sicP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sicP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sifA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sifA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sifA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sifA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sifA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sifA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sifA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sifB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sifB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sifB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rpoE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rpoE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sinH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sinH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sinH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sinH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sinH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sinH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sinH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sinI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sinI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sinI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sinR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sinR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sinR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sipA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sipA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sipA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sipA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sipB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sipB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sipB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sipC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sipC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sipC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sipC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sipC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sipD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sipD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sipD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sipD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sipD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sipF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sipF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sipF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
tusA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ychA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sirB2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sirB2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sirB2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sirC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sirC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sirC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sitA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sitA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sitA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sitA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sitB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sitB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sitB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sitC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sitC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sitC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sitC(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sitD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sitD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sitD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sitD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sitD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sitD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sixA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sixA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sixA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
skp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
skp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
skp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
SL1786	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL1934	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL1962	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL1967	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL1980	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL2642	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL2643	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL2716	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL3721	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
SL4147	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fkpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fkpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fkpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slrP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slrP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slrP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slsA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
slsA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
slsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slsA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
slsA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
slt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slyA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slyA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slyA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slyA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
slyA(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
slyB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slyB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slyB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slyD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slyD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slyD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
slyX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
slyX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
slyX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
smf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
smf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
smf(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
smg(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
smg(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
smg(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytjB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
smpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
smpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
smpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cmoM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cmoM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cmoM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
smvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
smvA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
smvA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sodA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sodA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sodA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sodB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sodB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sodB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sodC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sodC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sodC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sodC1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sodC1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sodC1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sohB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sohB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sohB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sohB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
solA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
solA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
solA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sopA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sopA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sopB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sopB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopB(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sopB(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sopB(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
sopB(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
sopB(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sopB(Salmonella)	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sopD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sopD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sopD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sopD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sopD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sopD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sopD2	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sopD2	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sopD2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sopD2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sopD2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sopE	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sopE2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sopE2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sopE2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sopE2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sopE2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sopE2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sopE2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sotB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sotB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sotB	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
soxR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
soxR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
soxR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
soxR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
soxR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
soxS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
soxS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
soxS(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
soxS(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
soxS(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Multiple Antibiotics
soxS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaK	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaM	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaM	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaM	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaN	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaN	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaN	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaO(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaO(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaO(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaO(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spaS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaT	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaT	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
spaT	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
spaT	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
speA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
speA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
speA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
speB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
speB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
speB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
speC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
speC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
speC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
speD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
speD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
speD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
speE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
speE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
speE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
speF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
speF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
speF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
speG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
speG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
speG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spf(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spf(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
spf(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
sph	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
spiC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spiC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spiC	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
spiC	is associated with resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
spoT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spoT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spoT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trmH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trmH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sppA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sppA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mepS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mepS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mepS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sprB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sprB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sprB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sprB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sprB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sprB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sprB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
yggI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sptP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sptP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sptP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spvA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spvA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spvB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spvB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spvB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spvC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spvC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spvC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spvD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spvD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spvD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
spy(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
spy(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
spy(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sra(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sra(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sra(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srfB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srfC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srfJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srlA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srlA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srlD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srlD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srlD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srlE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srlE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srlE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srlR(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srlR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srlR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
srmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
srmB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
srmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaM(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaM(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaM(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaM(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaN(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaN(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaN(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaN(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaO(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaO(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaO(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaP(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaQ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaS(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaU(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaU(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaU(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaU(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaU(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaV(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaV(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssaV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssaV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssaV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssaV(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssaV(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssb(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssb(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssb(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssb2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssb2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssb2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sscA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sscA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sscA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sscA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sscA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sscA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sscA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sscB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sscB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sscB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sscB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sscB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sscB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sscB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseA1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseA1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseA1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseA1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseB1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseB1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseB1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseB1	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sseJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sseK1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseK1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseK1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseK2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseK2	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseK2	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sseL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sseL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sseL	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sspA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sspB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sspH2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sspH2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sspH2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sspH2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sspH2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sspH2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sspH2(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssrB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssrB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ssrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ssrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ssrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ssrB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ssrB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sstT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sstT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sstT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stbB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stbB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stbC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stbC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stbD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stbD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stbE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stbE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stbE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stcA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stcB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stcC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stcD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stcD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stcD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stcD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stcD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stdB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stdC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stdC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stdC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdD	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdD	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdD	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdD	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdE	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdE	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdE	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdE	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stdF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stdF	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
steA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
steA	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
steA	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
steB	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
steB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
steB	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
steC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
steC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
steC	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stfA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stfC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stfC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stfD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stfE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stfE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stfF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stfG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stfG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sthA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sthA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sthA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sthA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sthA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sthA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sthA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sthA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sthA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sthB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sthB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sthB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sthB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sthB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sthB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sthB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sthD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sthD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
sthD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sthD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sthD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sthD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sthD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
sthE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sthE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sthE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stiA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stiA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stiA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stiB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stiB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stiB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stiC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stiC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stiC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stiC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stiH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stiH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stiH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stjA	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stjA	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stjB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stjB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stjB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stjB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stjB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stjC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stjC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
stjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stjC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stjC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
stjC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
STM0014(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0014(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0014(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0015(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0015(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0015(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0016(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0016(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0016(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0017(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0017(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0017(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0018(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0018(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0018(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0019(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0019(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0019(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0020(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0029(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0029(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0029(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0030(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0031(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0032(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0033(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0034(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0034(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0034(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0035(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0035(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0035(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0036(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0037(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0037(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0037(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0038(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0038(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0038(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0041(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0041(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0041(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0042(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0050(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0050(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0050(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0052(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0052(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0052(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0053(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0053(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0053(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0065(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0065(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0065(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0080(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0080(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0080(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0081(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0081(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0081(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0082(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0082(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0082(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0083(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0083(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0083(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0084(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0084(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0084(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0098(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0098(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0098(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0099(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0099(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0099(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0100(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0100(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0100(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0148(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0148(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0148(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0149(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0149(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0149(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0155(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0155(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0155(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0156(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0156(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0156(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0159(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0159(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0159(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0164(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0164(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0164(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0212(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0212(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0212(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0233(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0233(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0233(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0257(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0257(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0257(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0266(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0266(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0266(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0267(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0267(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0267(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0268(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0268(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0268(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0269(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0269(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0269(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0270(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0270(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0270(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0271(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0271(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0271(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0272(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0272(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0272(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0273(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0273(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0273(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0274(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0274(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0274(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0274a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0274a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0274a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0275(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0275(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0275(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0275.s	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0276(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0276(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0276(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0277(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0277(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0277(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0278(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0278(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0278(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0279(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0279(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0279(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0280(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0280(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0280(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0281(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0281(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0281(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0282(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0282(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0282(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0283(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0283(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0283(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0284(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0284(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0284(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0285(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0285(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0285(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0286(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0286(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0286(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0287(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0287(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0287(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0288(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0288(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0288(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0289(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0289(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0289(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0290(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0290(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0290(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0291(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0291(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0291(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0292(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0292(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0292(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0293(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0293(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0293(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0294(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0294(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0294(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0295(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0295(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0295(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0296(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0296(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0296(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0297(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0297(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0297(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0298	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0298	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0298	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0305(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0305(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0305(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0307(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0307(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0307(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0324(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0324(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0324(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0325(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0325(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0325(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0327(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0327(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0327(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0328(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0328(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0328(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0329(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0331(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0331(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0331(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0332(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0332(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0332(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0333(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0333(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0333(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0334(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0334(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0334(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0335(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0335(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0335(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0341(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0341(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0341(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0342(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0342(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0342(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0343(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0343(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0343(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0344(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0344(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0344(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0345(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0345(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0345(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0346(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0346(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0346(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0347(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0347(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0347(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0348(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0348(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0348(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0349(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0349(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0349(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0350(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0350(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0350(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0351(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0351(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0351(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0352(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0352(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0352(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0353(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0353(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0353(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0354(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0354(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0354(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0355(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0355(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0355(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0356(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0356(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0356(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0359(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0359(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0359(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0360(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0360(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0360(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0361(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0361(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0361(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0362(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0362(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0362(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0363(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0363(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0363(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0381(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0381(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0381(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0382(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0382(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0382(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0402(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0402(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0402(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0409(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0409(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0409(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0410(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0410(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0410(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0412(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0412(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0412(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0436a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0436a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0436a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0437(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0437(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0437(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0438(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0438(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0438(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0458(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0458(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0458(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0479(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0479(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0479(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0497(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0497(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0497(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0509(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0509(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0509(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0520(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0520(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0520(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0538(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0538(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0538(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0539(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0539(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0539(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0551(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0551(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0551(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0554(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0554(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0554(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0556	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0556	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0556	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0557(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0557(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0557(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0561(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0561(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0561(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0563(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0563(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0563(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0564(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0564(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0564(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0565(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0565(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0565(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0566(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0566(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0566(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0567(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0567(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0567(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0571(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0571(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0571(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0572(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0572(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0572(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0573(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0573(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0573(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0574(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0574(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0574(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0575(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0576(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0576(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0576(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0577(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0577(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0577(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0580(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0580(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0580(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0581(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0581(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0581(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0610(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0610(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0610(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0611(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0611(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0611(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0612(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0612(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0612(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0613(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0613(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0613(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0649(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0649(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0649(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0650(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0650(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0650(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0652(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0652(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0652(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0660(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0660(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0660(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0672(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0672(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0672(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0691(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0691(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0691(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0692(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0692(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0692(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0699(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0699(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0699(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0707(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0707(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0707(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0715(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0715(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0715(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0716(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0716(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0716(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0717(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0717(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0717(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0718(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0718(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0718(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0719(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0719(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0719(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0720(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0720(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0720(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0721(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0721(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0721(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0722(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0722(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0722(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0723(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0723(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0723(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0724(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0724(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0724(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0725(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0725(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0725(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0726(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0726(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0726(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0727(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0727(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0727(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0731(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0731(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0731(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0761(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0761(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0761(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0762(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0762(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0762(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0763(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0763(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0763(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0764(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0764(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0764(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0765(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0765(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0765(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0769(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0769(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0769(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0770(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0770(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0770(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0771(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0771(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0771(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0777(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0777(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0777(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0799(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0799(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0799(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0809(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0809(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0809(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0810(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0810(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0810(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0839(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0839(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0839(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0854(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0854(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0854(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0855(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0855(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0855(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0856(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0856(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0856(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0857(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0857(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0857(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0858(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0858(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0858(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0859(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0859(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0859(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0860(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0860(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0860(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0867(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0867(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0867(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0868(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0868(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0868(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0869(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0869(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0869(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0884(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0884(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0884(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0885(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0885(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0885(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0886(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0886(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0886(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0893(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0893(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0893(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0894(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0894(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0894(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0895(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0895(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0895(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0896(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0896(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0896(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0897(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0897(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0897(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0898(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0898(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0898(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0898a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0898a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0898a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0899(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0899(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0899(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0900(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0900(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0900(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0901(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0901(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0901(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0902(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0902(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0902(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0903(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0903(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0903(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0904(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0904(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0904(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0905(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0905(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0905(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0906(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0906(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0906(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0907(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0907(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0907(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0908(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0908(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0908(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0909(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0909(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0909(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0910(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0910(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0910(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0911(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0911(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0911(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0912(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0912(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0912(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0913(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0913(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0913(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0914(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0914(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0914(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0915(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0915(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0915(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0916(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0916(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0916(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0917(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0917(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0917(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0918(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0918(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0918(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0919(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0919(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0919(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0920(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0920(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0920(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0921(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0921(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0921(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0922(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0922(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0922(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0923(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0923(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0923(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0924(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0924(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0924(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0925(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0925(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0925(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0926(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0926(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0926(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0929(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0929(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0929(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0932(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0932(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0932(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0947(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0947(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0947(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0948	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0948	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0948	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0950(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0950(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0950(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0951(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0951(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0951(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0952(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0952(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0952(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0954(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0954(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0954(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0971(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0971(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0971(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM0989(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM0989(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM0989(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1001(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1001(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1001(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1002(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1003(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1003(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1003(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1005(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1005(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1005(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1006(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1006(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1006(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1007(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1007(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1007(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1008(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1008(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1008(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1009(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1009(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1009(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1010(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1010(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1010(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1011(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1011(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1011(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1012(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1012(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1012(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1013(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1013(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1013(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1014(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1014(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1014(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1015(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1015(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1015(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1016(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1016(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1016(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1017(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1017(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1017(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1018(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1018(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1018(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1019(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1019(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1019(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1020(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1021(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1021(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1021(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1022(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1022(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1022(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1023(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1023(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1023(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1024(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1024(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1024(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1025(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1025(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1025(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1026(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1026(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1026(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1027(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1027(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1027(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1028(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1028(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1028(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1029(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1029(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1029(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1030(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1031(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1032(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1033(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1034(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1034(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1034(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1035(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1035(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1035(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1036(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1037(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1037(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1037(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1038(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1038(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1038(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1039(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1039(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1039(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1040(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1040(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1040(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1041(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1041(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1041(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1042(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1043(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1043(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1043(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1045(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1045(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1045(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1046(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1046(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1046(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1047(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1047(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1047(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1048(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1048(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1048(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1049(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1049(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1049(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1050(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1050(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1050(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1053(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1053(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1053(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1054(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1054(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1054(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1055(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1055(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1055(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1056(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1056(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1056(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1060(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1060(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1060(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1078(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1078(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1078(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1081(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1081(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1081(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1082(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1082(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1082(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1089(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1089(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1089(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1093(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1093(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1093(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1109(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1109(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1109(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1119(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1119(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1119(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1123(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1123(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1123(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1127(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1127(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1127(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1128(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1128(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1128(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1129(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1131(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1131(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1131(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1132(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1132(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1132(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1133(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1133(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1133(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1158(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1158(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1158(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1188(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1188(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1188(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1228(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1228(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1228(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1236(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1236(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1236(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1239(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1239(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1239(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1249(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1249(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1249(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1250(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1250(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1250(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1251(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1251(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1251(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1252(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1252(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1252(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1253(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1253(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1253(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1254(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1254(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1254(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1255(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1255(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1255(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1256(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1256(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1256(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1257(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1257(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1257(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1258(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1258(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1258(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1259(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1259(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1259(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1260(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1260(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1260(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1261(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1261(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1261(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1263(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1263(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1263(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1265(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1265(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1265(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1266(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1266(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1266(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1267(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1267(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1267(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1268(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1268(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1268(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1269(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1269(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1269(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1273(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1273(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1273(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1276(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1276(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1276(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1287(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1287(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1287(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1288(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1288(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1288(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1300(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1300(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1300(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1301(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1301(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1301(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1324(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1324(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1324(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1328(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1328(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1328(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1329(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1329(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1329(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1330(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1330(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1330(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1331(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1331(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1331(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1368(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1368(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1368(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1410(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1410(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1410(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1472(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1472(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1472(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1481(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1481(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1481(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1484(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1484(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1484(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1496(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1496(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1496(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1497(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1497(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1497(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1498(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1498(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1498(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1499(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1499(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1499(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1513(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1513(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1513(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1528(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1529(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1530(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1530(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1530(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1532(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1532(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1532(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1533(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1533(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1533(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1534(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1534(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1534(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1535(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1535(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1535(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1536(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1536(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1536(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1537(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1537(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1537(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1538(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1538(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1538(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1539(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1539(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1539(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1540(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1540(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1540(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1541(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1541(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1541(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1542(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1542(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1542(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1543(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1543(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1543(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1545(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1545(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1545(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1546(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1546(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1546(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1547(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1547(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1547(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1548(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1548(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1548(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1548.s	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1549(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1549(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1549(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1550(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1550(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1550(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1551(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1551(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1551(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1552(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1552(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1552(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1554(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1554(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1554(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1555(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1555(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1555(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1556(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1556(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1556(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1557(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1557(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1557(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1558(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1558(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1558(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1559(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1559(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1559(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1560(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1560(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1560(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1561(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1561(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1561(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1573(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1573(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1573(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1575(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1585(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1585(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1585(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1600(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1600(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1600(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1606(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1606(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1606(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1607(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1607(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1607(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1613(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1613(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1613(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1614(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1614(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1614(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1615(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1615(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1615(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1616(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1616(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1616(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1617(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1617(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1617(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1618(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1618(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1618(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1619(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1619(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1619(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1620(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1620(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1620(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1621(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1621(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1621(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1623(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1623(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1623(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1624(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1624(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1624(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1627(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1627(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1627(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1628(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1628(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1628(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1630(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1630(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1630(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1632(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1632(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1632(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1633(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1633(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1633(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1634(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1634(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1634(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1635(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1635(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1635(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1636(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1636(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1636(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1637(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1637(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1637(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1638(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1638(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1638(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1643(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1643(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1643(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1649(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1649(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1649(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1650(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1650(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1650(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1653(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1653(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1653(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1657(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1657(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1657(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1664(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1664(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1664(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1665(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1665(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1665(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1667(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1667(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1667(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1668(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1668(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1668(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1669(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1669(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1669(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1670(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1670(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1670(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1671(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1671(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1671(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1672(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1672(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1672(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1673(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1673(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1673(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1674(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1674(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1674(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1675(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1675(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1675(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1676(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1676(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1676(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1677(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1677(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1677(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1678(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1678(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1678(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1697(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1697(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1697(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1698a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1698a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1698a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1731(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1731(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1731(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1733(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1733(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1733(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1741(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1741(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1741(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1747(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1747(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1747(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1760(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1760(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1760(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1785(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1785(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1785(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1786(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1786(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1786(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1787(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1787(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1787(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1788(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1788(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1788(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1789(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1789(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1789(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1790(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1790(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1790(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1791(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1791(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1791(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1792(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1792(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1792(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1793(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1793(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1793(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1794(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1794(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1794(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1795(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1795(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1795(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1808(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1808(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1808(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1810(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1810(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1810(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1827(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1827(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1827(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1829(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1829(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1829(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1843(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1843(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1843(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1849(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1849(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1849(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1851(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1851(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1851(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1854(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1854(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1854(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1856(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1856(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1856(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1857(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1857(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1857(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1858(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1858(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1858(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1859(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1859(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1859(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1860(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1860(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1860(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1861(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1861(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1861(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1863(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1863(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1863(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1864(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1864(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1864(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1865(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1865(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1865(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1868a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1868a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1868a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1869(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1869(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1869(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1869a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1869a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1869a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1870(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1870(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1870(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1871(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1871(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1871(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1872(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1872(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1872(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1873(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1873(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1873(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1874(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1874(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1874(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1877(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1877(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1877(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1896(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1896(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1896(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1911(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1911(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1911(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1926(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1926(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1926(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1933(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1933(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1933(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1934(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1934(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1934(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1939(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1939(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1939(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1940(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1940(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1940(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1941(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1941(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1941(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1948(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1948(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1948(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1967(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1967(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1967(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1988(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1988(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1988(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1994(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1994(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1994(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM1999(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM1999(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM1999(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2005(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2005(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2005(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2006(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2006(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2006(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2007(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2007(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2007(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2008(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2008(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2008(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2010(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2010(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2010(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2011(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2011(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2011(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2133(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2133(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2133(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2134(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2134(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2134(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2135(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2135(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2135(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2138(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2138(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2138(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2139(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2139(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2139(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2148(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2148(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2148(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2156a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2156a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2156a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2173(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2173(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2173(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2175(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2175(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2175(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2176(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2176(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2176(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2177(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2177(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2177(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2178(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2178(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2178(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2179(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2179(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2179(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2180(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2180(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2180(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2195(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2195(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2195(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2196(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2196(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2196(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2197(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2197(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2197(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2198(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2198(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2198(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2208(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2208(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2208(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2209(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2209(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2209(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2225(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2225(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2225(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2230(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2230(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2230(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2231(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2231(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2231(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2233(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2233(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2233(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2234(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2234(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2234(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2235(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2235(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2235(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2236(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2236(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2236(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2237(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2237(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2237(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2238(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2238(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2238(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2239(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2239(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2239(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2240(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2240(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2240(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2242(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2242(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2242(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2243(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2243(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2243(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2244(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2244(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2244(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2245(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2245(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2245(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2273(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2273(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2273(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2274(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2274(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2274(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2275(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2275(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2275(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2280(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2280(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2280(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2281(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2281(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2281(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2288(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2288(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2288(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2293(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2293(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2293(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2314(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2314(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2314(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2329(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2329(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2329(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2340(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2340(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2340(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2341(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2341(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2341(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2342(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2342(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2342(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2343(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2343(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2343(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2344(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2344(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2344(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2345(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2345(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2345(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2357(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2357(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2357(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2358(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2358(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2358(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2359(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2359(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2359(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2361(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2361(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2361(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2373(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2373(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2373(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2374(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2374(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2374(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2375(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2375(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2375(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2376(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2376(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2376(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2377(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2377(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2377(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2400(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2400(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2400(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2405(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2405(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2405(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2406(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2406(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2406(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2426(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2426(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2426(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2434(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2434(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2434(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2446(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2446(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2446(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2447(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2447(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2447(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2475(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2475(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2475(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2486(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2486(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2486(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2492(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2492(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2492(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2503(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2503(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2503(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2504(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2504(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2504(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2505(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2505(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2505(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2506(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2506(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2506(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2507(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2507(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2507(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2508(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2508(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2508(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2509(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2509(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2509(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2527(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2527(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2527(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2528(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2529(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2530(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2530(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2530(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2532(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2532(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2532(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2534(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2534(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2534(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2551(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2551(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2551(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2552(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2552(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2552(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2566(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2566(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2566(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2570(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2570(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2570(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2573(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2573(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2573(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2574(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2574(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2574(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2575(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2585(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2585(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2585(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2585a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2585a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2585a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2586(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2586(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2586(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2587(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2587(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2587(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2588(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2588(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2588(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2589(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2589(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2589(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2590(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2590(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2590(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2591(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2591(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2591(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2592(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2592(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2592(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2593(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2593(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2593(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2594(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2594(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2594(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2595(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2595(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2595(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2596(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2596(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2596(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2597(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2597(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2597(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2598(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2598(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2598(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2599(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2599(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2599(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2600(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2600(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2600(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2601(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2601(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2601(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2602(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2602(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2602(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2603(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2603(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2603(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2604(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2604(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2604(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2605(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2605(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2605(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2606(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2606(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2606(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2607(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2607(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2607(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2608(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2608(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2608(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2609(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2609(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2609(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2610(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2610(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2610(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2611(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2611(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2611(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2612(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2612(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2612(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2613(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2613(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2613(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2614(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2614(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2614(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2616(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2616(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2616(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2617(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2617(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2617(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2618(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2618(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2618(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2619(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2619(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2619(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2620(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2620(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2620(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2622(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2622(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2622(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2629(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2629(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2629(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2630(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2630(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2630(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2631(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2631(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2631(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2632(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2633(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2633(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2633(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2635(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2635(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2635(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2636(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2636(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2636(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2655(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2655(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2655(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2666(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2666(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2666(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2668(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2668(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2668(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2680(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2680(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2680(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2682(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2682(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2682(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2689(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2690(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2690(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2690(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2691(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2691(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2691(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2692(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2692(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2692(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2694(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2694(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2694(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2695(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2695(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2695(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2696(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2696(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2696(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2697(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2697(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2697(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2698(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2698(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2698(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2699(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2699(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2699(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2700(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2700(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2700(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2701(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2701(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2701(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2702(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2702(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2702(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2703(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2703(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2703(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2704(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2704(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2704(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2705(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2705(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2705(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2706(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2706(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2706(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2707(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2707(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2707(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2708(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2708(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2708(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2709(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2709(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2709(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2710(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2710(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2710(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2711(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2711(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2711(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2712(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2712(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2712(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2713(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2713(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2713(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2714(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2714(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2714(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2715(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2715(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2715(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2716(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2716(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2716(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2717(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2717(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2717(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2718(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2718(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2718(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2719(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2719(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2719(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2720(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2720(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2720(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2721(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2721(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2721(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2722(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2722(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2722(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2723(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2723(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2723(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2724(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2724(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2724(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2726(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2726(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2726(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2727(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2727(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2727(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2728(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2728(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2728(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2729(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2729(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2729(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2730(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2730(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2730(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2731(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2731(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2731(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2732(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2732(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2732(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2733(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2733(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2733(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2734(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2734(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2734(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2735(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2735(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2735(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2736(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2736(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2736(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2737(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2737(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2737(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2738(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2738(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2738(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2739(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2739(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2739(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2740(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2740(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2740(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2741(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2741(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2741(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2742(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2742(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2742(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2743(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2743(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2743(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2744(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2744(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2744(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2745(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2745(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2745(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2746(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2746(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2746(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2747(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2747(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2747(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2748(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2748(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2748(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2749(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2749(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2749(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2750(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2750(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2750(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2751(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2751(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2751(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2752(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2752(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2752(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2753(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2753(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2753(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2754(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2754(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2754(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2755(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2755(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2755(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2756(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2756(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2756(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2757(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2757(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2757(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2758(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2758(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2758(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2759(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2759(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2759(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2760(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2760(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2760(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2761(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2761(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2761(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2762(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2762(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2762(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2763(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2763(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2763(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2764(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2764(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2764(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2765(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2765(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2765(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2766(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2766(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2766(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2767(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2767(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2767(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2768(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2768(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2768(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2769	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2769	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2769	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2779(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2779(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2779(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2786(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2786(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2786(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2787(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2787(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2787(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2788(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2788(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2788(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2797(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2797(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2797(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2803(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2803(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2803(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2804(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2804(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2804(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2812(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2812(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2812(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2816(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2816(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2816(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2844(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2844(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2844(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2868(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2868(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2868(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2880(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2880(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2880(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2901(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2901(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2901(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2902(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2902(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2902(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2903(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2903(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2903(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2904(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2904(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2904(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2905(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2905(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2905(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2906(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2906(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2906(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2908(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2908(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2908(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2910(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2910(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2910(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2911(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2911(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2911(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2912(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2912(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2912(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2913(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2913(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2913(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2914(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2914(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2914(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2920(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2920(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2920(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2921(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2921(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2921(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2922(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2922(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2922(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2923(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2923(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2923(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2940(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2940(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2940(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2942(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2942(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2942(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2943(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2943(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2943(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2950(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2950(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2950(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2955(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2955(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2955(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2959(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2959(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2959(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2963(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2963(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2963(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM2986(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM2986(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM2986(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3012(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3012(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3012(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3020(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3020(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3021(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3021(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3021(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3022(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3022(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3022(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3025(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3025(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3025(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3026(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3026(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3026(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3030(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3031(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3035(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3035(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3035(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3036(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3036(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3038(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3038(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3038(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3052(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3052(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3052(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3071(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3071(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3071(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3072(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3072(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3072(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3073(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3073(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3073(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3074(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3074(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3074(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3075(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3075(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3075(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3079(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3079(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3079(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3080(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3080(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3080(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3081(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3081(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3081(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3082(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3082(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3082(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3083(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3083(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3083(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3084(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3084(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3084(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3085(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3085(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3085(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3098(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3098(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3098(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3117(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3117(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3117(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3118(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3118(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3118(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3119(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3119(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3119(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3120(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3120(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3120(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3121(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3121(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3121(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3122(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3122(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3122(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3123(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3123(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3123(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3124(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3124(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3124(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3125(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3125(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3125(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3126(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3126(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3126(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3127(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3127(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3127(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3128(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3128(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3128(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3129(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3129(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3129(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3130(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3131(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3131(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3131(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3132(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3132(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3132(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3133(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3133(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3133(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3134(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3134(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3134(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3136(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3136(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3136(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3138(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3138(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3138(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3141(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3141(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3141(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3142(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3142(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3142(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3152(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3152(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3152(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3154(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3154(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3154(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3155(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3155(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3155(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3156(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3156(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3156(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3160(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3160(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3160(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3166(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3166(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3166(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3167(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3167(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3167(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3169(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3169(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3169(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3170(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3170(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3170(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3175(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3175(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3175(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3191(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3191(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3191(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3192(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3192(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3192(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3198(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3198(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3198(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3216(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3216(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3216(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3251(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3251(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3251(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3254(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3254(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3254(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3255(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3255(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3255(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3256(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3256(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3256(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3258(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3258(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3258(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3259(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3259(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3259(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3260(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3260(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3260(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3261(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3261(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3261(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3262(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3262(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3262(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3277(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3277(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3277(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3278(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3278(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3278(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3291(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3291(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3291(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3333(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3333(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3333(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3334(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3334(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3334(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3343(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3343(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3343(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3350(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3350(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3350(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3354(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3354(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3354(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3355(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3355(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3355(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3356(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3356(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3356(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3357(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3357(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3357(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3358(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3358(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3358(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3362(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3362(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3362(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3388(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3388(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3388(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3411(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3411(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3411(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3461(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3461(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3461(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3508(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3508(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3508(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3516(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3516(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3516(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3517(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3517(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3517(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3521(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3521(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3521(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3527(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3527(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3527(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3528(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3529(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3531(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3531(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3531(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3532(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3532(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3532(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3533(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3533(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3533(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3548(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3548(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3548(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3549(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3549(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3549(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3550(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3550(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3550(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3558(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3558(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3558(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3566(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3566(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3566(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3580(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3580(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3580(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3595(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3595(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3595(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3598(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3598(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3598(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3599(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3599(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3599(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3600(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3600(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3600(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3601(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3601(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3601(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3602(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3602(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3602(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3604(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3604(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3604(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3605(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3605(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3605(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3631(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3631(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3631(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3632(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3632(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3632(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3633(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3633(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3633(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3650(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3650(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3650(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3651(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3651(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3651(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3652(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3652(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3652(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3653(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3653(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3653(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3670(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3670(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3670(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3678(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3678(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3678(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3679(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3679(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3679(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3681(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3681(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3681(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3696(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3696(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3696(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3697(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3697(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3697(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3698(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3698(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3698(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3736(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3736(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3736(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3737(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3737(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3737(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3745(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3745(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3745(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3752(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3752(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3752(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3754(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3754(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3754(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3760(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3760(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3760(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3766(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3766(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3766(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3767(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3767(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3767(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3768(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3768(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3768(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3769(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3769(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3769(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3770(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3770(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3770(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3771(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3771(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3771(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3772(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3772(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3772(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3773(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3773(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3773(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3775(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3775(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3775(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3777(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3777(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3777(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3778(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3778(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3778(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3779(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3779(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3779(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3780(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3780(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3780(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3781(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3781(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3781(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3782(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3782(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3782(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3783(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3783(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3783(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3784(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3784(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3784(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3785(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3785(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3785(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3791(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3791(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3791(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3792(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3792(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3792(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3794(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3794(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3794(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3796a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3796a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3796a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3799(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3799(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3799(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3820(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3820(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3820(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3832(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3832(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3832(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3833(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3833(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3833(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3834(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3834(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3834(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3845(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3845(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3845(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3846(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3846(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3846(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3858(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3858(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3858(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3859(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3859(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3859(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3860(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3860(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3860(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3863(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3863(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3863(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3940(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3940(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3940(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3966(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3966(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3966(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM3981(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM3981(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM3981(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4002(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4002(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4002(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4008(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4008(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4008(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4010(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4010(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4010(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4011(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4011(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4011(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4012(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4012(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4012(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4013(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4013(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4013(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4014(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4014(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4014(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4015(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4015(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4015(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4030(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4030(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4031(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4031(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4032(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4032(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4033(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4033(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4039(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4039(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4039(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4041(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4041(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4041(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4042(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4042(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4042a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4042a	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4042a	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4044(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4044(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4044(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4052(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4052(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4052(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4053(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4053(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4053(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4057(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4057(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4057(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4065(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4065(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4065(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4066(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4066(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4066(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4067(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4067(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4067(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4068(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4068(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4068(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4069(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4069(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4069(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4071(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4071(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4071(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4097(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4097(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4097(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4098(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4098(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4098(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4102(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4102(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4102(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4103(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4103(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4103(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4104(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4104(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4104(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4186(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4186(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4186(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4191(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4191(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4191(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4192(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4192(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4192(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4196(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4196(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4196(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4197(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4197(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4197(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4198(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4198(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4198(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4199(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4199(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4199(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4200(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4200(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4200(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4201(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4201(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4201(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4202(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4202(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4202(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4203(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4203(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4203(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4204(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4204(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4204(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4205(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4205(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4205(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4206(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4206(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4206(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4207(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4207(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4207(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4208(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4208(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4208(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4209(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4209(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4209(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4210(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4210(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4210(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4211(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4211(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4211(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4212(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4212(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4212(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4213(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4213(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4213(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4214(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4214(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4214(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4215(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4215(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4215(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4216(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4216(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4216(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4217(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4217(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4217(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4218(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4218(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4218(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4219(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4219(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4219(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4239(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4239(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4239(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4242(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4242(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4242(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4252(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4252(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4252(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4253(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4253(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4253(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4255(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4255(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4255(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4257(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4257(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4257(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4258(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4258(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4258(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4259(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4259(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4259(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4260(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4260(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4260(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4261(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4261(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4261(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4262(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4262(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4262(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4267(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4267(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4267(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4270(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4270(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4270(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4271(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4271(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4271(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4272(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4272(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4272(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4276(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4276(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4276(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4302(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4302(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4302(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4305(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4305(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4305(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4306(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4306(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4306(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4307(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4307(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4307(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4308(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4308(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4308(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4309(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4309(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4309(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4310(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4310(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4310(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4312(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4312(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4312(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4313(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4313(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4313(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4314(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4314(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4314(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4315(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4315(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4315(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4316(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4316(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4316(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4317(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4317(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4317(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4318(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4318(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4318(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4320(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4320(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4320(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4351(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4351(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4351(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4372(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4372(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4372(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4390(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4390(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4390(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4412(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4412(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4412(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4413(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4413(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4413(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4417(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4417(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4417(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4418(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4418(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4418(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4419(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4419(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4419(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4420(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4420(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4420(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4421(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4421(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4421(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4422(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4422(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4422(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4423(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4423(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4423(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4427(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4427(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4427(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4428(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4428(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4428(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4429(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4429(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4429(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4430(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4430(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4430(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4431(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4431(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4431(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4432(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4432(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4432(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4433(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4433(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4433(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4434(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4434(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4434(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4435(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4435(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4435(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4436(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4436(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4436(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4440(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4440(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4440(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4441(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4441(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4441(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4442(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4442(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4442(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4443(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4443(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4443(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4444(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4444(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4444(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4445(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4445(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4445(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4446(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4446(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4446(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4447(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4447(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4447(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4448(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4448(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4448(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4449(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4449(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4449(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4450(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4450(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4450(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4457(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4457(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4457(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4464(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4464(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4464(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4466(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4466(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4466(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4478(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4478(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4478(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4488(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4488(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4488(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4489(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4489(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4489(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4490(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4490(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4490(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4491(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4491(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4491(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4492(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4492(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4492(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4493(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4493(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4493(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4494(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4494(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4494(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4495(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4495(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4495(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4496(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4496(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4496(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4497(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4497(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4497(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4498(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4498(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4498(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4502(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4502(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4502(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4503(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4503(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4503(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4504(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4504(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4504(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4505(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4505(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4505(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4506(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4506(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4506(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4509(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4509(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4509(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4510(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4510(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4510(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4518(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4518(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4518(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4519(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4519(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4519(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4520(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4520(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4520(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4522(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4522(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4522(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4528(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4528(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4529(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4529(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4534(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4534(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4534(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4535(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4535(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4535(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4536(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4536(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4536(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4537(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4537(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4537(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4538(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4538(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4538(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4539(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4539(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4539(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4540(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4540(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4540(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4549(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4549(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4549(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4551(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4551(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4551(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4552(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4552(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4552(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4571(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4571(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4571(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4574(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4574(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4574(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4575(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4575(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4595(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4595(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4595(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4596(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4596(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4596(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STM4597(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STM4597(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STM4597(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMD1.44	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMD1.44	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMD1.44	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMD1.46	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMD1.46	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMD1.46	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMD1.47	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMD1.47	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMD1.47	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMD1.48	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMD1.48	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMD1.48	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMD1.83	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMD1.83	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMD1.83	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMD1.84	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMD1.84	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMD1.84	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMD1.9	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMD1.9	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMD1.9	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMF1.14	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMF1.14	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMF1.14	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMF1.19	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMF1.19	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMF1.19	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMF1.36	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMF1.36	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMF1.36	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMF1.40	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMF1.40	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMF1.40	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
STMF1.42	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
STMF1.42	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
STMF1.42	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
stpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
stpA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
stpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
rpsL(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Aminoglycosides
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Beta-Lactam
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicin
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
strB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin
sucA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sucA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sucA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sucB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sucB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sucB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sucC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sucC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sucC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sucC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sucD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sucD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sucD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sufA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sufA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sufA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sufB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sufB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sufB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sufC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sufC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sufC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sufD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sufD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sufD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sufE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sufE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sufE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sufS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sufS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sufS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sugR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sugR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sugR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
suhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
suhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
suhB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sul	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfisoxazole
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfisoxazole
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sul1	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfisoxazole
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfisoxazole
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sul2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfisoxazole
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfisoxazole
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfonamide
sul3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Trimethoprim
sulA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sulA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sulA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sulII	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide
surA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
surA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
surA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
umpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
umpG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
umpG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
syd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
syd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
syd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
symE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
symE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
symE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
t0533	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t0625	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t0641	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t0641	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t1056	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t1325	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t1325	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t1326	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t1326	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t1707	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t1707	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t2427	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t2427	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t2640	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t2640	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t2964	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t2965	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t3103	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t3103	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t3146	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t3147	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t3276	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t3816	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
t3816	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tadA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tadA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tag(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tag(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tag(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
talA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
talA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
talA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
talB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
talB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
talB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tap(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tap(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tap(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tar(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tar(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tar(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tas(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tas(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tas(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tatA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tatA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tatA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tatB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tatB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tatB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tatC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tatC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tatC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tatD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tatD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tatD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tatE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tatE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tatE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tcp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tcp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tcp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tctD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tctD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tctD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tctE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tctE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tctE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdcA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdcB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdcC(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdcD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdcD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdcD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdcE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdcE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdcE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdcG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdcG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdcG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdh(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdh(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tdk(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tdk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tdk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tehA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tehA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tehA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tehB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tehB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tehB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tesA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tesA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tesA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tesB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tesB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tesB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetO	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetO	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tetS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Tetracycline
tgt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tgt(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tgt(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnmE(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mnmE(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
thiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiM(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thiQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thiS(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
thiS(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
thrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thrA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thrB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thrC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thrL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thrL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thrS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thrS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thrW(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
thyA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
thyA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
thyA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tig(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tig(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tig(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tilS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tilS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tilS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tktA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tktA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tktA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tktB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tktB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tktB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tldD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tldD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tldD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tlpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tlpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tlpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tmcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tmcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tmcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tmk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tmk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tmk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tnpA1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tnpA1	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tnpA1	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tnpA1	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tnpA2	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tnpA4	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tnpA5	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tolA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tolA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tolA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tolB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tolB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tolB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tolC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tolC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tolC(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tolC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tolC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tolQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tolQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tolQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tolR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tolR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tolR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tonB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tonB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tonB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
topA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
topA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
topA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
topB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
topB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
topB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
torA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
torA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
torA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
torC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
torC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
torC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
torD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
torD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
torD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
torR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
torR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
torR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
torS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
torS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
torS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
torS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
torT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
torT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
torT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tpiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tpiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tpiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dtpA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tpx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tpx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tpx(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
traY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
traY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
traY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trbB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trbC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trbD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trbE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trbH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trbI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trbI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trbI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
treA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
treA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
treA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
treB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
treC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
treC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
treC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
treF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
treF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
treF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
treR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
treR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
treR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trg(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trg(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trg(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trhO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trhO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trhO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trkA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trkA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trkH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trkH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trkH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trkH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trkH(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
trkH(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
trmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trmB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trmB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trmD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnmE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trmJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnm(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnm(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpS(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
trpS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpS2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trpS2(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trpS2(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trpS2(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
truA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
truA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
truA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
truB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
truB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
truB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
truC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
truC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
truC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
truD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
truD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
truD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
truD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trxB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trxB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trxB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
trxB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
trxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trxC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsf(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsf(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsr(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsx(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsx(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ttcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ttcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ttcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ttrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ttrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ttrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ttrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ttrA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ttrB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ttrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ttrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ttrC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ttrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ttrC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ttrC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ttrC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ttrR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ttrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ttrR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ttrR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ttrR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ttrS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chloramphenicol
ttrS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ttrS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ttrS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ttrS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
ttrS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Tetracycline
tufA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tufA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tufA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tus(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tus(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tus(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tusA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tusA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tusB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tusB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tusB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tusC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tusC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tusC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tusD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tusD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tusD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tusE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tusE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tusE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tviC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tviC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tyrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tyrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tyrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tyrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tyrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tyrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tyrP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tyrP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tyrP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tyrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tyrR(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tyrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tyrR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tyrS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tyrS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tyrS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ubiB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ubiC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ucpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ucpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ucpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ugd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ugd(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ugd(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sthA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
udk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
udk(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
udk(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
udp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
udp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
udp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ugpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ugpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ugpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ugpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ugpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ugpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ugpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ugpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ugpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ugpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ugpE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ugpE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ugpQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ugpQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ugpQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ugtL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ugtL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ugtL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uhpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uhpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uhpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uhpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uhpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uhpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uhpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uhpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uhpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uhpT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
UhpT	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
uhpT(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Fosfomycin
uhpT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uhpT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ulaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ulaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ulaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
umuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
umuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
umuC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
umuD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
umuD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
umuD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ung(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ung(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ung(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
upp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
upp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
upp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bacA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bacA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bacA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Other Classes
bacA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ispU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ispU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ispU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uraA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uraA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uraA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
usg(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
usg(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
usg(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ushA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ushA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ushA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uspA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uspA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uspB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uspB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uspC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uspC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uspE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uspE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uspE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uspF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uspF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uspF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uspG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uspG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uspG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uup(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uup(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uup(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uvrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uvrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uvrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uvrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uvrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uvrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uvrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uvrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uvrC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uvrD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uvrD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
uvrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uvrD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
uvrD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ofloxacin
uvrD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uvrY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uvrY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uvrY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uxaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uxaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uxaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uxuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uxuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uxuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
uxuR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
uxuR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
uxuR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rnr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rnr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rnr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mlaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mlaA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
valS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
valS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
valS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
valS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
vanA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
vanB2	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
vanC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
vanR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
vanX(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
vanY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
vapB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
vapB	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
vapB	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
vapC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
vapC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
vapC	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
vapC	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
vapC	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
viaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
viaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
viaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
virK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
virK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
virK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
vsdE	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
vsdE	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
vsdE	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
vsr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
vsr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
vsr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaO(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
waaO(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
waaJ(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
waaJ(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
waaK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaK	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
waaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
waaL(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
waaL(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
wcaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaF(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fcl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fcl(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fcl(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fcl(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wcaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wcaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wcaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rfe(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rfe(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rfe(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wecB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wecB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wecB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wecB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
wecB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
wecC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wecC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wecC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wecD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wecD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wecD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wecE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wecE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wecE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wecF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wecF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wecF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rffM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rffM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rffM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wza(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wza(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wza(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wzb(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wzb(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wzb(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wzc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wzc(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wzc(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wzxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wzxC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wzxC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wzxE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wzxE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wzxE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wzyE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wzyE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wzyE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wzzB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wzzB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wzzB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wzzE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wzzE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wzzE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xapA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xapB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xapR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xapR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xapR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xerC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xerC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xerC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xerD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xerD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xerD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygdG(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygdG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygdG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xseA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xseA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
xseA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xseA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Nalidixic Acid
xseA(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ofloxacin
xseA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xseB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xseB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xthA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xthA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xthA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xylA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xylA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xylA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xylB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xylB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xylB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xylR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xylR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xylR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
satP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
satP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
satP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaaI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaaJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaaU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaaU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaaU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaaY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmH(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rsmH(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
yabI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yabI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yabI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yabI(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
yabI(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
yacC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yacC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yacC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yacG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yacG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yacG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yacH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yacH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yacH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yacH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yacL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yacL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yacL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yadE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yadE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yadE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
can(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
can(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
can(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yadG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yadG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yadG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yadH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yadH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yadH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yadI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yadI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yadI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yadS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yadS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yadS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yadU	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yadU	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yadU	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trmO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trmO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trmO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gmhB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaeH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
arfB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
arfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaeP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaeP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaeP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaeQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaeQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaeQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaeR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yafC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yafC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yafD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yafD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yafE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yafE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yafJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yafJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yafK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yafK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafS(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yafS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yafS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yafV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yafV(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yafV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yahN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yahN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yahN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yahO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yahO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yahO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaiI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaiT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iprA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaiW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaiW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaiW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaiY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaiY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaiY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaiZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaiZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaiZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mak(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mak(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mak(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yajR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yajR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yajR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yaoF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yaoF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yaoF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaE(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tomB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tomB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tomB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
decR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
decR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
decR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybaZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybaZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybaZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
selU(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybbJ(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybbJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
qmcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
qmcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
qmcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fetA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fetA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fetA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fetB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fetB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fetB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cnoX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cnoX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cnoX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybbO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybbO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybbO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybbP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybbP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybbP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybbV(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybbV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybbV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybbY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybbY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybbY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybcI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybcI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybcI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybcJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybcJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybcJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
entH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hcxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hcxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hcxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybdZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybdZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybdZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmH(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rlmH(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ybeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ybeB(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ybeD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybeY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybeY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybeY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybfE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybfF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybgE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cpoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cpoB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cpoB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybgI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybgI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybgI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pxpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pxpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pxpB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pxpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pxpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pxpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pxpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybgS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybgS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybgS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cydX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cydX(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cydX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybhS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybhS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybhT(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ybiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
opgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
opgE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
opgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldtB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldtB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldtB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybiV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybiV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybiV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lysO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lysO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lysO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
amiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
amiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
amiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjT(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ybjX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ybjX(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ybjX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
macA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
macA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
macA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
macA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaD(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rarA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rarA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rarA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldtD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldtD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldtD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycbC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycbC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mepK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mepK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mepK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gloC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
gloC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
gloC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yccA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yccA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yccA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yccF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yccF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yccF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yccJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yccJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yccJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sxy(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sxy(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sxy(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yccS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yccS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yccS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yccS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yccT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yccT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yccT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yccX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yccX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yccX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rutR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rutR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rutR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycdD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycdD	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycdD	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycdX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycdX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycdX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycdY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycdY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycdY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycdZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycdZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycdZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mltG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mltG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mltG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yceO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yceO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yceO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bssS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bssS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bssS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
roxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
roxA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
roxA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycfF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycfH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycfJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycfL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpoB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycfP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycfP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycfP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
comR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
comR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
comR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bhsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bhsA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bhsA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldtC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldtC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lolC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lolC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lolC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lolE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lolE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lolE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycgL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycgL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycgL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycgM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycgM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycgM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycgN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycgR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycgR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycgR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ychE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ychF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ychH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ychJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ychK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dauA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dauA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dauA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dauA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ychN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ychO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ychO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ychO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lapB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lapB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdeR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yciZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yciZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yciZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycjE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycjE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycjE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycjF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycjF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycjF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycjG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mpaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mpaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mpaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ycjX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ycjX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ycjX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
smrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
smrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
smrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydbH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydbH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydbL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydcF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydcF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydcI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydcI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydcK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydcK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sutR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sutR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sutR(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sutR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydcR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydcR(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydcX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydcX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydcY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydcY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydcZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydcZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydcZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yddE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yddE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yddE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yddG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yddG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yddG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydeA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydeE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydeE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydeE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydeI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydeI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydeI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydeJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydeJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydeJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydfG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rspR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rspR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rspR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydfI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydfI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydFI	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydfI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydfJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydfZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydfZ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydfZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydgH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydgH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydgI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydgI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydgI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydgJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydgJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydgJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydgK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydgK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydgK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cnu(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cnu(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cnu(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mliC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mliC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mliC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
punR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
punR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
punR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
punC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
punC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
punC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
grxD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
grxD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
grxD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mdtK(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydhF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydhF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydhF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydhI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydhI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydhI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydhJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydhJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydhJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydhK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydhK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydhK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydhL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nemR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nemR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nemR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mepH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mepH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mepH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fadK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fadK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fadK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rflP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rflP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rflP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydiZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydiZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydiZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydjA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydjA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ydjM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ydjM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ydjM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tcyP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tcyP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tcyP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msrB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaC(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgcJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgcJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgcJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaL(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nimT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nimT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nimT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mepM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mepM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mepM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
msrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
msrC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
msrC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
letA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
letA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
letA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
letA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yebW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yebW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yebW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tcyN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tcyN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tcyN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecM(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cmoA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yecS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yecS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yecS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yedA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yedA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yedD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yedD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yedE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yedE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yedF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yedF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yedI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yedI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yedJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yedJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yedP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yedP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yedP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
YedY	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
plaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
plaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
plaP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeeN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeeN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeeN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeeO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeeO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeeO(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeeO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tmaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tmaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tmaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeeY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeeY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeeY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeeZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeeZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeeZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yefM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yefM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yefM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yegD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yegD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgcE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgcE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgcE(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgcE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yegH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yegH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trhP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yegS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yegS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yegT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yegT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yegU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yegU(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yegV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yegV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yegW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yegW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yegW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yehE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yehE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yehE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yehR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yehR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yehR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yehS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yehS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yehS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btsS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btsS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btsS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlrA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yehW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yehW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yehW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yehX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yehX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yehX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yehY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yehY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yehY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yehZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yehZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yehZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeiG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeiP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yeiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yeiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yeiR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpxT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpxT(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpxT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yejA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yejA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yejA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yejB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yejB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yejB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yejE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yejE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yejE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yejF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yejF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yejF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yejG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yejG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yejG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
radD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
radD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
radD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yejK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yejK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yejK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yejL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yejL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yejL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lapC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lapC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lapC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfaV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfaV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfaV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfaX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfaX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfaX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfaZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfaZ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfaZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfbB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
arnA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfbK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfbK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfbK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfbR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfbS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfbS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfbS(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfbS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hxpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hxpA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hxpA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hxpA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfbU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfbU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfbU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfbV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfbV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfbV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
smrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
smrB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
smrB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfcZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfcZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfcZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfdC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfdH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfdH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfdH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
alaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
alaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
alaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeJ(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfeZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfeZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfeZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yffB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yffB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yffB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfgD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfgJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfgJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfgJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfgM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfgM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfgM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glrR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glrR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pgpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pgpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pgpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mltF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfhG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfhG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfhG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfhH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfhH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfhH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
iscX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
iscX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
iscX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glrK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glrK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glrK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfhL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfhR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfhR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfhR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
raiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
raiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
raiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfiE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfiE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfiF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfiM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dgcN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dgcN(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dgcN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bamD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bamD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bamD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tapT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tapT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tapT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfiR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfjD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yfjF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yfjF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yfjF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ratA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ratA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ratA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
norR(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
glaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
glaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
glaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lhgD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lhgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lhgD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygaP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygaP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
kbp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
kbp(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
kbp(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygbA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygbE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygbF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygbI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygbI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygbJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbK(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygbL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygbM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygbM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygbM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
queE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
queE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
queE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygcH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygcH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygcH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygcH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygcY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygcY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygcY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygdD(Salmonella)	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ygdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygdD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmM(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ppnN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ppnN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ppnN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygdI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygdI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygdI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csdE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csdE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csdE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tcdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tcdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tcdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygdQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygdQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygdQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygdR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygdR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygeA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygfX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygfX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygfX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygfZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygfZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygfZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mscS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mscS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mscS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
loiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
loiP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
loiP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hemW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hemW(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hemW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yggX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yggX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yggX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yghA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yghA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yghA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yghB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yghB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yghB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yghJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yghJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yghJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yghU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yghU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yghU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yghW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yghW(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yghW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
plsY(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygiW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygiW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygiW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygjP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygjP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygjP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygjQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygjQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygjQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ygjR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ygjR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ygjR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sstT(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhaJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhaK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhaK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
cyuP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
cyuP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
cyuP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lptB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lptB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lptB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhbL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhbL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lptA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lptA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lptA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhbO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhbO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhbO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhbP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhbP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhbP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhbQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhbQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhbQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhbS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhbS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhbS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhbW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhbW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhbW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhbY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhbY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhbY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zapG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zapG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zapG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhcG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhcG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhcG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhcG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhcH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhcH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhcH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zapE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zapE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zapE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhcN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhcN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhcN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhcO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhcO(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhcO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aaeA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
aaeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
aaeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
aaeR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csrD(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csrD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csrD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csrD(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
csrD(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
yhdE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdP(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhdV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhdV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhdV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yheO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yheO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yheO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yheS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yheS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yheS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yheT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yheT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yheT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yheU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yheU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yheU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yheV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yheV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yheV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhfG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhfK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhfK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhfK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhfL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhgF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhgN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhQ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhhY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhhY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhhY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhiI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhiI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhiN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rlmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rlmJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rlmJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjG(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdeH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjJ(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
yhjJ(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
pdeK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdeK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdeK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bcsC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yhjY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yhjY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yhjY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
wecH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
wecH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
wecH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
plaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
plaR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
plaR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiaO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiaO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
waaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
waaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
waaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yibF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yibF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yibF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
trmL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
trmL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
trmL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yibL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yibL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yibL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yibN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yibN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yibN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
envC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
envC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
envC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yibR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yibR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yibR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yibT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yibT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yibT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
xanP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
xanP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
xanP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicH(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicL(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yicS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yicS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yicS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidQ(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yidZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yidZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yidZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yieE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yieE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yieE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yieF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yieF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yieF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
adeP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
adeP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
adeP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yieH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yieH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yieH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yieM(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hsrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hsrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hsrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yieP(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yieP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yieP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hdfR(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yifB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yifB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yifB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
maoP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
maoP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
maoP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yifK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yifK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yifK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yifL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yifL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yifL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yifZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yifZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yifZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigB(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ubiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ubiD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ubiD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigI(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yigZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yigZ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yigZ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
csqR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
csqR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
csqR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yihY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yihY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yihY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
fabY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
fabY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiiG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiL(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiiM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiiM(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiiQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiiQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiiR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiiR(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiY	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiiY	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiiY	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yiiZ	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yiiZ	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yiiZ	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
fabR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
fabR(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
yijD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yijD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yijD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yijF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yijF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yijF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yijO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yijO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yijO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rluF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbH(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pspG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pspG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pspG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjbR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjcB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjcB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ghxP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ghxP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ghxP(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ghxP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjcE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjcE(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjcE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjcH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjcH(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjcH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjcO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjcO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjcO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjdC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dtpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dtpC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dtpC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tsaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tsaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tsaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nnr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nnr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nnr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjeH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjeH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjeI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjeI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjeI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjeJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjeJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjeJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjeM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjeM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjeM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjeO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjeO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjeO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mscM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mscM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mscM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjeT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjeT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjeT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bsmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bsmA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bsmA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfP(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjfY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjfY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjfY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ahr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ahr(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ahr(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjgG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjgG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjgG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tabA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tabA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tabA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjgM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjgM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjgM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjgN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjgN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjgP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjgP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjgP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjgQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjgQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjgQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjhP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjhP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjhX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjhX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjhX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hypT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hypT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hypT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjiG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjiG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjiH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjiH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjiJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjiJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjiN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjiN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjiS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjiS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjiS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjiX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjiX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjiX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
btsT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
btsT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
btsT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjI(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ettA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ettA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ettA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjN(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjQ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjQ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjU(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjU(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjV(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjV(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjW(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjW(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjX(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjX(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yjjY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yjjY(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yjjY(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
pdeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
pdeB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
pdeB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ylaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ylaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ylaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
allE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
allE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
allE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ylbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ylbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ylbE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ylbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ylbF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ylbF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
gsiA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
bssR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
bssR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
bssR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yliI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yliI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yliI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yliJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yliJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yliJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ymbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ymbA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ymbA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ymdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ymdA(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ymdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ymdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ymdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ymdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ymdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ymdC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ymdC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ymdF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ymdF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ymdF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ymfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ymfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ymfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ymgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ymgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ymgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynaI(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynaI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynaJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynaJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynbE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynbE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mnaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mnaT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mnaT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
curA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
curA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
curA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mcbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mcbR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mcbR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yncD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yncD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yncD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yncE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yncE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yncE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yncJ(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yncJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yncJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yneE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yneE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yneE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yneG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yneG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yneG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
sad(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
sad(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
sad(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yneJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yneJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yneJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynfD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynfL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynfL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ynfM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ynfM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ynfM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ldtE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ldtE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ldtE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yniB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yniB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yniB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hxpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hxpB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hxpB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yoaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yoaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yoaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yoaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yoaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yoaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yoaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yoaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yoaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yoaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yoaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yoaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yoaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yoaH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yoaH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yoaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yoaI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yoaI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yobA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yobA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yobA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yobD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yobD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yobD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yobF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yobF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yobF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mgrB(Salmonella)	is downregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yobH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yobH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yobH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yodD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yodD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yodD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yohC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yohC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yohD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yohD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yohF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yohF(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yohG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yohG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yohJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yohJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yohK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yohK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yohO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yohO(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yohO(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yojI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yojI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yojI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ftp(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ftp(Salmonella)	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rcsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rcsD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rcsD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ypeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ypeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ypeC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypeC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ypeC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ypfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ypfG(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ypfG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tmcA(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypfK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypfK	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ypfK	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ypfL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypfL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ypfL	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ypfN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ypfN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ypfN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqcC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqcC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqeF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqeF(Salmonella)	is upregulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqeF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqgB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqgB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqgC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqgC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqgD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqgD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqgE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqgE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqgF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqgF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqhA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqhA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqhC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqhC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqhC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqhD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqhD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqhD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqiA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqiA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqiB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqiB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nudF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nudF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nudF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqiK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqiK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqjA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mzrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mzrA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mzrA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqjC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqjC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqjD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqjD(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqjE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqjE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqjF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqjF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqjG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqjG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nfeF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nfeF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nfeF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nfeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nfeR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nfeR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yqjK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yqjK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yqjK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
rsmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
rsmI(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
rsmI(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lpoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lpoA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lpoA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yraN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yraN(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yraN(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
dolP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
dolP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
dolP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yraR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yraR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yraR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ibaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ibaG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ibaG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrbB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrbB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mlaC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mlaC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mlaD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mlaD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mlaE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mlaE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
mlaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
mlaF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
mlaF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrbG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrbG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lptC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
lptC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
lptC(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
lptC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrbL(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrbL(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrdD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrdD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrfA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrfA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrfC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrfC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrfD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrfD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
nudE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
nudE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
nudE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yrfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yrfG(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yrfG(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
hslR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
hslR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
hslR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ysaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ysaA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ysaA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ysaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ysaB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ysaB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yscR	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yscR	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yscR	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ysdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ysdA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ysdA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ysdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ysdB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ysdB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ysgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ysgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ysgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfE(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfE(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfF(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfF(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
qorB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
qorB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
qorB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfH(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfH(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfJ(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfJ(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfK(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfK(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
paeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
paeA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
paeA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfM(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfM(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
tamB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
tamB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
tamB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytfP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytfP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytfP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytgA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytgA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytgA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
ytjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
ytjA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
ytjA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
yubL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
yubL	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
yubL	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zapA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zapA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zapB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zapB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zapC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zapC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zapC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zapD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zapD(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zapD(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zipA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zipA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zitB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zitB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zitB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zntA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zntA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zntA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zntB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zntB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zntB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zntR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zntR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zntR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
znuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
znuA(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
znuA(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
znuA(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
znuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
znuB(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
znuB(Salmonella)	is mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
znuB(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
znuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
znuC(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
znuC(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zraP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zraP(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zraP(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zraR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zraR(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zraR(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zraS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zraS(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zraS(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zupT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zupT(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zupT(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zur(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zur(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zur(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
zwf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Chlorhexidine
zwf(Salmonella)	is not regulated by antibiotic	Fosmidomycin
zwf(Salmonella)	is not mutated by antibiotic	Streptomycin
